All right, what is going on guys? Several trades to win zero losses today. Um, this is probably one of the most. Boring trading days, I think I've had, but we ended the day green. Just two small scalps. This was the first one I ended up taking the five minute fair value gap here off of the four hour for a fair value gap tap. I took the five minute and I just scalped about 1516 points. I told my premium members, man, until, until we get a difference in the market until the government shutdown is over until, um, we get away from all time highs. I'm probably going to adjust my trimming strategy a little bit. We're just not seeing any good expansion moves. It's very, very rare. Um, you know, mainly we're getting 20 point moves and then back to break even and, you know, 15 point moves and back to break even and you're just not seeing that expansion. So that's kind of what happened in the first trade. Like in the first trade, I took a 30 point trade. I took this long right here off this I FG. Um, I took this long for about 30 points and I, and I was holding runners and I only made $140 off of it because my TP two never got hit. So, um, for the second trade, I was just like, look, man, I, you know, I'm up 140. 200 is really what I qualify as a base hit. So I want to make more than 200. I'm going to take this five minute gap and risk my profits and just try to scalp to get to that threshold. And I did off this little move right here. So, um, very boring day. I mean, yesterday was a bullish trend day. Today was kind of a bearish trend day, not many opportunities and, but we managed. I mean, two and O again, we caught, we caught this move right here. This move was off of the hourly sweeps and everything like that. Um, if I go, let me just see right here. Yeah. So like at 935, we swept London low. EF swept a bunch of stuff. We tapped a four hour fair value gap. That's what this yellow line is. So that's why I took the first trade right here. Um, it was just a liquidity sweep in discount delivering off of a gap. Um, and it went for 30 points. I just was holding runners. So I didn't make as much as I should have. And then once that happened, I'm like, like, it was kind of like a realization. I'm like, and we're not getting good moves right now. It could be, I said it to my chat. It could be the government shutdown. It could be the all time highs. It could be a combination of both, but for whatever reason, I need to adapt as a profitable trader. Um, so for the foreseeable future, we'll, we'll see. It may last a week. It may last a month. I don't know, but for the foreseeable future, the strategy is to take way more base hits. I'm either going to be trimming 50% or more, maybe even everything at TP one. It just kind of depends on the setup, but, um, yeah, I'm not going to be holding as much runners right now until we can see a change in this market cycle. You know what I mean? So that is pretty much it for me. If you took any of these trades, let me know. Again, here's the second trade I took. This is a B set up. The first one was an A setup. Um, very, very good trade. This one was just a flat B set up. So let me know if you have any questions and fingers crossed, man, can Friday please deliver us a blessing, a blessing day. blessing day.