What is going on guys, it's your boy tempo trays in the building We had a great day today, man. We had a great day today. By the way, I just want to know who are my active Trade recap watchers. I know some of you watch this every day Comment the word salmon. All right, if you're if you're in here just so I know you guys are real so All right. Anyway, we had a great day, man. We were want to know on the funded We were three for three on callouts in general. There wasn't a single loser called on the discord The price action was good. I mean we saw some like I guess it was a hundred and sixty six point range But I don't know the price action was good like it seemed like back here price was kind of rank consolidating in this range But we were still getting good moves. We were still getting good moves Let me let me show you what went down today, so Here was the first trade there was two break even trades, but I'm not gonna go over those because they were break even there's really no point Here was the first win. So we swept the hourly high here at 115. I said looking for shorts That's exactly what we got. I ended up taking The combined 30 second off of the hourly sweep right there There's a 20 point trim off of the low and then we also got this TP as well I I honestly botched this a little bit and like I'm kind of mad at myself I'll show you here what I was what I was talking about. So here's the situation Okay, now number one we got a data low at 830, which is crazy This is the first time I've ever seen a data low, but for Philly Fed Manufacturing index. I don't even know what that is, but we got a data low right there I mean you could see that is a clear data candle. So there's a data low right there And that is my main target for that trade like I really wanted to hit the data low Let me let me hide this. I don't want to do that. Let me hide this So basically You know you enter here, let me go to replay mode as well Okay, let's go to replay mode so Basically you enter here right Bops above the gap you take your 20 points then here's your second TP right there And then my final TP was gonna be the data low right now I kind of made a mistake, you know I really wanted the data low and I only trimmed two contracts down here instead. I should have trimmed more the reason Even though there's a data low here and that's a very strong draw on liquidity What's going on on? Yes, you look on the right. Yes is hitting 50% of the daily range Which is a huge support and resistance level a lot of the time. Yes is gonna hit that line and bounce right off of it So I got greedy I didn't trim I missed my trim by six points I was holding three micros and I kind of paid the price for it, right? You could see here here my Executions these are my fills I trimmed one right here I trimmed more right here and I was holding three micros and I unfortunately all three of those micros Went back to my break even right there. So it is what it is. I Still ended up making $430 per account which if we do some simple math here or 30 times 27 We still made $11,000, but I could have made more. I feel like I fumbled that one a little bit I don't know maybe a time site you let me know what you think but that was my funded trade after that We called out two other setups here was setup number two This was just a classic reversal off the Datalo eventually after my trade the Datalo got swept I said longs were valid You had to chase on this one, but it did end up working for about 60 points right there as you can see It's a classic sell side liquidity sweep into a reversal and then call out number three Was a sweep on ES it happened at the end of the stream This was on the one minute If I just go to the current time so you see right there We had the hourly high sweep on ES right So there's your hourly high sweep that means shorts are valid on NQ and ES. I ended up calling out this one minute IFEG right here and That worked for an additional 30 points so Three for three on callouts. We did very very well today I'm hoping we can do as well next week when we start this challenge again if you want to join me More details will be released shortly, but I'm wait that sound coming from Anyway Yeah, more details will be released shortly But we're gonna go from a zero funded account first day to a payout Everything will be documented and hopefully it goes well. So if you want to join us next week, it's a big week But that's all I got. I love seeing how many people are green today and passing accounts shout out to my boy Daniel He said he passed five accounts today got out to Queen Requested a payout off of that trade today. So I'm super happy. We're doing very very well in here. Let's keep it going Got one more day to end the week