Alright guys what is going on? Teppo trades we caught a banger man. It's still going with the crazy part. I ended up trimming full right here and it's still going but this is the second trade I took. I ended up taking two one win one loss. The win was way bigger than the loss. So here was the trade. Very very simple. We dumped like 300 points off open. We were deep in discount of the range. You can see down here. And I was just waiting for this daily low to hit. This was a daily sell side level. And you can see that I called it out right here. I wrote waiting for 410 now. That's the daily low. I was even trying to short down to the daily low because I knew that was the draw. I ended up getting a break even short right there. And then I wrote daily low finally swept look for longs off that level. So very very clear what we wanted today. And then I even said here taking this long if we get it. So very very clear. Here's the before photo I told everyone I was taking the trade. I actually ended up getting a really bad fill because I had a chase on this. So I got about 457 I think. Yeah 457 was my fill. I should have got like 454 49 that would have been ideal but 457 was my fill regardless I still made a shit ton of points off of this. And yeah very very happy like I executed patience and discipline today. The first 30 minutes were very volatile very aggressive very chaotic and I just sat out of it. I was just like you know what I'm going to wait until I get what I'm looking for. I did end up taking one other trade which was a loss. I'll show you that here. I lost I went light just because of the volatility ended up losing 150 on this one. Whereas normally I'd risk this would be like a 200 or $250 risk trade. But this is I just like the momentum way too much to not try it. I even said on stream like I understand the daily low hasn't been swept so this may not work but based on the fact that we were 300 points in discount based on the fact that we got a V shaped momentum pattern here with an order block forming. It's just too good for me not to try even with low risk so I was completely fine with this one. And yeah that one didn't work but it was it was all made up for it by this play I mean this one's an absolute monster. So crazy day crazy day. Do you have any questions about this one. Let me know. I don't know what's going on with all the volatility because like we didn't have news Monday 300 point range. We didn't really have news Tuesday 300 point range. Some people were saying and video earnings that could be it. I think it's tomorrow. Some people are saying the government shut down like finishing could be lingering effects of that. Regardless we're seeing some crazy volatility the last couple of days so stay safe out there don't do anything stupid. And yeah we'll see you tomorrow.