What is going on guys tempo trades quick trade recap man we've been on absolute fire I don't know what's been going on man from Thursday to today. We have been on absolute fire Probably one of the best runs I've had this year just hundred point trades are insane moves every day Today was no different. We ended up taking this chase on es Unfortunately, I only ended up getting half size I Could actually show you I Could show you my executions Where I Was on yeah, hold on Right here, okay, so here's my executions I'll just have this on the left hand side of the screen. So basically it's a very textbook trade, you know We're in premium of the range. We sweep this blue line, which is the Asia high. That's a major buy side level We're looking for that reversal back down into the range, right? So Basically we had to chase the two minute was the best gap It started going really fast. So my my real size was gonna be 18 micros. That's about 300 dollars risk It ended up going fast. So I ended up chasing nine you could see right here I and I then ended up trimming six eight points in profit. So Actually did it because it was going so fast I couldn't even trim where I wanted to trim I was gonna trim it like 716 But it just went so fast by the time I realized what was happening I trimmed at 712 and then basically I trimmed two more Down here at 708 when we were reacting off the 50% level. So I held one micro just in case We broke that 50 because again, how much momentum we were having but unfortunately the 50% level is an absolute monster I have it on my chart every single day for a reason. I mean you could see here We bounce right off of it and start moving higher. It's one of the best levels. I've ever found in trading. So it's beautiful I ended up making like four hundred dollars per account because that last micro got stopped outbreak even so If we just do some simple math here We're 100 times 27 that is what the profit is looking like today across all the accounts. So really really nice man and what feels even better about that is Just the the other members doing really well like we have some mentorship students here You could just see the night and day difference, you know, we got Sebastian just pass an eval So really really happy with what we're doing in the progress we're making fingers crossed The price action stays like this Because if it is we're just gonna keep printing. So That's all I got on to tomorrow tomorrow.