What is going on guys crazy crazy day 150 point trade I'll recap it in a second I just want to go over the discounts and this is the time to be buying prop from accounts All these companies are competing with each other and running Black Friday sales and we're getting great value I think leading up into Christmas. We are not gonna be getting a lot of sales So now is the time to buy I'm gonna go over my two best sales real quick number one if you're not super profitable or consistent I think this is the best deal right now with apex. It is a $10 Activation fee all in you're in for about 70 if you want you can even go down to their 50k account But I guess that wouldn't make sense because it would be come out to the same price So I just think this is a great deal. They've never run the activation fee this cheap before Typically it's $80 for monthly $150 for lifetime. They are running at $10 lifetime. They have never run it. That's crazy So these are one day pass you could pass them really quickly get a lot of fundage and scale up really fast My second favorite sale would be take profit trader This is for my consistent traders if you've got a payout before if you're consistent and you're somewhat profitable This can be worth your while because 30% off But if you get a payout on that account, they will refund your entire fee So you're in for zero dollars. This is crazy If you know top step used to run this back in the day like over a year ago as their normal Standard, but it just became so unprofitable for them that they actually remove that Incentive so really really nice. You could potentially get an account for zero dollars and make money off of it Which is nuts. Those are my two favorite sales. All right Now going into the trades we took two trades today. I want to go over the loss first I think this is the first time in history In the discord not in history, but I think this is the first time in the discord that I've actually lost this way I'll go over it. So basically we come down here right off open. We sweep London low. We're in discount of the range It's a textbook area to look for reversal I End up chasing on this long right here And my TP my first TP was this swing high I could have trimmed if I was fast enough if you've been trading recently, you know that the volatility is super crazy So I just wasn't fast enough to trim or even go break even for that matter and this ended up being a loss This was definitely preventable. So if you were fast enough or whatever you might have been able to trim here again my golden rule is Don't be a dick for a tick, right? That's a that's a saying I've heard in the community But if I don't set limit orders, especially for my first and second trims Maybe in my third trim or something like that the huge trim. I'll set a limit order But especially for my first trim. I never set limit orders. I simply just have my cursor over the market button whether I want to buy or sell Because if you were fast enough and you saw this wake up right next to the level you might have been able to get that trim there But I wasn't fast enough, but yeah, what do we do? We did not panic We did not get frustrated or tilted, you know, we didn't take ourselves out of the market. We just simply waited Price dumped a lot this morning because of Nvidia earnings or not Nvidia earnings just Nvidia news I read something that Google or meta is looking at Google chips instead of Nvidia chips so we got I think it in video was down like $10 this morning and Obviously the indices have a ton of Nvidia in them. So that's gonna move the market So basically, what do we have with 50% of a four-hour BPR? Let's go over a few things. What is a BPR? A BPR is a bullish and bearish fair value gap lined up with each other Okay, so if I were to turn my indicator off Here is your bullish gap. That's on the four-hour time frame. Okay Here is your bearish gap Right. Well, I guess to be more accurate your bearish gap is over here. This is your bearish gap But the areas where the bullish and bearish gap intersect which would be Right here So the areas where your bullish and bearish gap intercept is your BPR That is a fair value gap on steroids. Just think of it like that It is just a stronger fair value gap in balance. So this is a really good area for price to reverse off of and even more precisely The 50% level of high time frame gaps or just gaps in general Aka the consequent encroachment. That's what ICT calls it But it's just a fancy way of saying 50% The 50% of fair value gaps is an even better place where price likes to reverse So we're combining the BPR with 50% of the four-hour gap and Using that as our area of interest to take a setup off of And as you could see right here Price reversed off of that beautifully Absolutely, beautifully. This is an a+ level reaction. We didn't close under the level We didn't push past the level. We went into it We wicked it and we immediately started reversing out of it and that is where you go long So I decided to take this 30 second ifeg it was about 20 points. So that's perfect size I entered long when the candle closed over the gap and I simply just rode this thing up. I actually didn't Trim there my trims were here And then my final trim was at the 50% level Um, where is it? My final trim was right there at the 50% level Oh wait There we go So these are my trims and you could see oh this was my trim and you could see Um here are my executions. So there's no hindsight. There's no fluff. I took this in front of 250 people And we made a ton of money together. So shout out. I do want to give a quick shout out to My og premium member j money. He has been in the premium since the first month. I've started it So about 14 15 months now. I'm so proud of this guy. He made a $10,000 payout with apex And I'm just super happy for a man. You you kept to it. You stuck with it And now you're reaping the benefits and just as a message to anyone any of you guys can do that j money's not special I'm not special. We had just had experience with the model. We've been trading it We execute and we trust the edge. That's all there is to it. All right. Have a good one. We'll see you tomorrow PM and am stream tomorrow. So I'll be live am for the premium member or premium members Live pm for all members. Hope to see you there and let's get it