What is going on guys Teppo trades today was a case of a classic no news Monday man I was only one and oh I just took the first trade but in total callouts it was about three wins and one loss I will show you everything here, but yeah, just a really shitty range If you're new here based on people's back testing in my own forward testing I know that Monday is our worst day of the week just in trading in general you get the worst ranges the worst moves It's just pretty bad most of the time especially When you get no news You know that makes it even worse so We just kind of got stuck inside this range the entire morning And it's really hard to catch a nice trade when prices ping ponging back and forth. So let's go over the setups There's so many I don't even know if I'll be able to remember them all let's see 944 is the first one. This was the funded trade right here Okay, 944 right here boom Okay, here was the funded trade again. I said I was taking this one on funded This is the only one I took on funded just wanted to you know secure a base hit and not really a Not really fuss too much Okay, so here is the trade Why is this a good trade? Well, we have a 50% tap on NQ on top of that. I believe we Now we weren't delivering from anything. Oh, no, we were we were delivering from an hourly fair value gap So on this one right here, we have a 50% tap on NQ As well as a one hour fair value gap tap on the higher time frame. Okay, so this is a B plus setup This is a perfect Reaction to the 50% level. This is exactly what you want to see we touched it We wicked it we never closed under it and we started reversing with a really good momentum, right? You could clearly see one two three four five red candles and then we tap this Resistance one two three four five six green candles right away. That is perfect momentum So this is a B plus setup and now you might ask the question You might ask the question Why did I trim a little bit early? It is 20 points But the main reason why I trimmed early is because ES at the time was getting very very close to the 50 and and it was 20 Points in profit if ES wasn't close to the 50 here I kind of argue okay You can even maybe just go break even and then hold for this swing high up here But because ES was close to the 50 I decided to just take my 20 points There was it there was that and then it went back to break even and you're gonna see that this is a trend today Because that all the other trades did the same exact thing. So let's go to the next trade here Go to the next trade here The next trade is the one minute we formed an SMT I believe Yeah, now we form an SMT because now and ES swept London low on the right and Q did not sweep London low. There is our bullish SMT here is trade number two This was just this started to just become the call-out. So you had to chase on this one now. Here's where it becomes weird It could be a loss. It just depends on how you really traded it, right? If you chased on this candle and you got this fill you could have went break even here. These were equal highs That was about 15 16 points if you didn't get a good fill and you got something like all the way up here and You decided not to go break even because it's only 10 points. This is probably a loss So this one's just up in the air. It really just depends on how you traded it But again, you could just see men we're getting no Continuation and it's sad absolutely no continuation call-out number three came right away after that trade This was the re-entry of the second trade So again, this is just the re-entry Based on all the other confluences from the last trade this one went for about 20 points again if I recall There there you go. There's another 20 points and then it went right back to break even And then last call-out of the day You don't even remember let's see I Don't even recall if I'm being honest. Let's see. What was the last call? Oh Was the two minute? Yep. There it is. It was the two minute. Okay, so here's the two minute again Just the same kind of idea the SMT's holding the 50% tap is still holding Yes, still swept London low. We're just trying all of these trades pretty much have the same confluences We're just trying to get that expansion out of this range Two-minute order block formed right there, which does make this trade a little bit better Here's your first TP Here's your second TP up here. You're just targeting these swing points There is your entry right And you can see it does hit TP one and it goes right back to break even so three trades 20 points and break even and again you need to adapt to the market conditions. I was screaming this all morning You know if we're out of no news Monday and prices showing us that it's not willing to expand Adjust your strategy trim earlier trim more aggressively We're probably not gonna get a hundred point move on a day like today, you know, so that is that is that that is that? Hopefully you managed to end small green if not break even I'd still call that a W We just move on to tomorrow And if you know, I guess if you want to take a gamble PM and take a stab you could try to trade PM Maybe PM will be better than the AM but I'm done just a small green day for me Nothing to write home about but gets a start in the week and that is it for me