Alright, what's going on guys? Um, crazy day today. Crazy day today. We actually ended up taking our first gold trade. So, I see a lot of people on social media, they're going to gold and I actually traded it like three years ago when I was trading momentum based pattern called the strat. That was a while ago. But, I haven't traded gold since and just because NQ is at all time highs, the government shutdown is making it move weird. Um, I decided to keep an eye on it in the last couple days and basically, I saw this trade right here. We had a clean liquidity sweep. Let me show you. We had a super clean liquidity sweep. You could see here, this high was created at 5am, price came up, swept it. This is a textbook reversal that I would look for on NQ. And I just told my chat, I was like, "Hey, like, we could take this, um, because I don't have a lot of experience on gold." For me, it was just an eval, but this worked out for almost 15 points. And the people in the chat were telling me, like, a 10-point trade on gold is like 50 on NQ. So, this would be like a 75-point trade on NQ if that's how we're correlating it. Um, so really, really good, man. Really, really good trade there. That was my first gold trade ever trading IFEGs, first gold trade ever. So, it's a good one in the books. Other than that, today was just madness. Today was just madness. Again, NQ isn't delivering nicely. Um, I wanted longs the entire morning. I was saying it here. I was saying it here. I wanted longs the entire morning. See if we get a nice balance. I said right here, I liked longs. So, essentially, we came off the open. We dumped super aggressively, super, super, super aggressively, and we were just sweeping and sweeping and sweeping and sweeping. So, I did something I normally don't do, and that was I scout momentum. I just saw that we were dumping and dumping and dumping. So, I saw this four-hour low. I knew price was more than likely going to take it. So, I took a little short scalp, and then I also, basically, look at this low. Look at this low. We have a four-hour low right here. This is a four-hour liquidity sweep, okay, inside of a four-hour fair value gap. Very deep in discount. This is a perfect spot to long, and that's what I was saying. Hello, NQ? Hello? What the heck just happened? NQ shut me out. So, this is a perfect spot to long, and I was saying that the whole morning. I was saying that on stream. Here's the problem. The problem was we dumped so fast that there was no opportunity to even get a nice long setup, okay? You either had two issues, either A, the gaps were going to be too big, and you had to have a 50-point stop, or B, what's the other, what's the one I'm looking for? Or B, it's not singular, okay? So, here's an example, right? If you wanted to, okay, off that sweep, you wanted to take the one minute, it's not singular. You're going to be longing right into this top gap, and that was the issue. This was a beautiful reversal, and it happened exactly where we wanted it to. It's just that there were no setups. So, again, I just scalped momentum, and I just scalped this humongous pump candle for like 20 points, and yes, it's risky, but that's just the kind of market we're in. And I knew that price wanted to go long. I had that long bias off of the other confluences. I just didn't really have an IFEG to take it on, so I took the risk and I scalped momentum. This is really the only somewhat clean gap I see, if you want to call it that, like here's a 30 second that ended up working, right? But other than that, you legitimately had to take a 50-point gap. Like, I saw some people point out this two minute here on ES, and yeah, it did end up working, but again, not only did you have to chase on that candle, it's a 13-point stop loss. That is ginormous. So, it's just a crazy day. It's a wacky time in the markets. After that, I really just moved to, I called out a few setups, but the delivery was really, really bad. Like, I knew price wanted to short off of this 50% tap. The delivery was really bad, and that's when I moved to gold, and we caught this trade right here on gold. So, again, I'm not going to move exclusively to gold or anything like that. I just think for the near future, I'm going to keep eyes on it. If a setup develops, we'll see if we'll take it, and that just gives us more options and more opportunities to get a good trade every single day. So, yeah, those are my thoughts. If you have any questions, let me know.