What is going on? It's your boy tempo trades. This is going to be the quickest and simplest trade recap I've ever made. We are one and done. We took pre market. This I FG setup right here. Very, very, very textbook off of the London high. I called it out right here, but I mean, if you were even on the charts and you trade the model that should have been slapping you in the face. Very, very obvious. Here are my executions. I decided to just take full. Let's look at the trade real quick. So we come up, we kind of trend up here pre market. We sweep London high. So now we're in premium of the range. Right. The 50% all the way down here. So it's actually high up in premium. We're premium. We're up in premium in the range. You should want to be shorting. And we also sweep this London high. Okay. So now you should be looking for shorts. The cherry on top here is the fact that we get this V shape kind of reversal pattern. This is a very, very good high quality pattern that you definitely want to be taking I FG setups on. So this one was a no brainer for me. And yeah, very, very good trade. And again, even if you didn't want to chase, it's not even a chase. Let's get that straight. Okay. Like you could have gotten in there. It only went a couple points from the ideal entry, which is right here. So this isn't even a chase in my opinion. But even if you didn't want to enter on this huge red candle right here, you had the opportunity of this little pullback. The very next candle where you could have gotten a perfect entry right there right below the gap. So there's really no excuses if you didn't take this one. The only excuse is you weren't at the charts, which is completely understandable because it's pre market. I've said many times before, I wake up at around 820am. And I look at the charts. If there's a good setup, I will take it or I will alert it. If there's not, I'll just wait for open, you know, I don't really try to force setups pre market. But I mean, this is way too good for me not to take. I ended up taking this I ended up TPing full right here. And the main thing is I just don't trust pre market. I found that pre market does not deliver as cleanly or consistently as the New York kill zone does. So I just didn't hold runners. I ended up going in additional like 12 points, which doesn't really matter to me. It's not the end of the world. But yeah, I ended up taking full profits right here, a little bit over a one to one risk reward base hit done for the day 12 day win streak. The most simple day you'll ever see here's my executions. The most simple day you'll ever see. And that's that's what it's all about. So no News Monday. I am completely okay with just taking that as my main trade. And we move on to tomorrow. tomorrow.