What is going on guys tempo trades we are on an 11 day win streak we took two trades two wins zero losses the first trade Was small profits, which is why it took a second trade Let's show you right here so I Was screaming guys I was screaming for a reversal the entire morning We dumped a lot and we were sweeping a ton of liquidity. We were deep in discount. I said right here This is a prime spot for a reversal And we swept low of day. We even swept Asia low up there So we just it was a prime area to look for our model I ended up taking this 30-second IFEG pre-market for about 16 points here, but I Got wicked out break even after my first trim and then very painfully price went all the way back up So it is what it is the break even is completely textbook. I was up 16 points We were hitting a higher fair value gap and we were sweeping a swing point So there is no concerns. There's no hindsight here to be said that I shouldn't have gone break even But the only thing I could have done is looked for a reentry because we came back down We tapped off of this one-minute BPR, which is a bullish and bearish fair value gap stacked on top of each other That's a really strong imbalance. We bounced off of it and continued the buy model So if I really was feeling it I could have looked for a reentry here But it was pre-market so I really just didn't want to test my luck there So I was up about I said it right here I was up about a hundred and thirty dollars per account after that trade on each account and my Minimum green day that I like to go for is 200 bucks. So because of that I was going to look for another trade and Here was the trade right here. So this was a 50% tap on NQ. It was actually a continuation trade super bullish We opened we pumped up like a hundred points We came all the way back down tap that 50% level and then bounced all the way back up So this 50% level is like magic guys. I don't know how many times I have to say it It works almost every single day like if you don't have this on your charts. You just simply don't like money So yeah, we took this long here. I entered long on the two-minute IFE G Because I was already up from the first trade. I didn't want to hold runners I just wanted to take my profits at this high and secure my green day Unfortunately for me this one kept running. So it is what it is This one actually went up a hundred more points After I trim that is painful to look at but it's okay. I'm green on the week. I've won every single day. I don't care But yeah, so if you've been trading with me You've been making a ton of money if you just go look at the profits channel one of my members who just said it it was uh It was Leonardo think it was Leonardo Leonardo just said he is requesting a $8,000 payout after today's stream. So very very happy with my progress and everyone else's progress Yeah, and we also called out this two-minute out right here. I did not take this one just to be transparent but The point I'm trying to make is price action has been way easier ever since the government shutdown has ended Hopefully you guys can see it. I think it's a complete night and day difference And I'm very very excited for 2026. So last thing I'll say is this will end on Sunday This is a really good sale if you're a consistent trader or a profitable trader you can get a full refund on your fees if you get a payout and it's 30% off with my code and then Obviously apex bull knocks. They still have sales going on Apex has a six dollar activation fee with my code tempo. So those are the deals We will be back here on Monday. I'm hoping to extend this streak I would love to like if we win If we win every single day until 2026 We would be on like a 30 We would be on like a 30 streak. So let's just see let's take it a day at a time Let's not get too ahead of ourselves, but Yeah