What is going on guys tempo trades we have officially secured a 10-day win streak one win one loss, but we The win was much bigger than the loss. So let's take a look at it. We'll look at the loss first Okay, this was pretty much just a B setup. It was a 30 second trade. I decided to take it We had a couple confluences here. We were in discount There was a bullish SMT here because ES didn't sweep the low and Q did And I just ended up taking it I wanted to target this low resistance liquidity that we created up here So I decided to take this 30 second long. It did not work Primarily because of the momentum And I'm okay. I accepted the risk I lost 220 on that trade and I said it as soon as the trade stopped out and then we have trade number two Which was the super banger. So this actually The main reason for this trade was it tapped off It was a 50% of the daily range tap if I go to 617 Yeah, I was right here. So here was 50% of the daily range 50% of the daily range So it wasn't a perfect tap by any means, but there was a couple of things lining up here We were tapping 50% of the daily range We were tapping into this five minute fair value gap right here And we were tapping into the 15 minute fair value gap So there was a lot of different things you could see the five minute tap right there And then you could see the 15 minute tap right here. So combining those three confluences I was looking for a move lower and that's what we got right here. I called this out on stream There's 250 people watching And I called it out live and this wasn't even a chase because I actually I Got in at 602 and I said the fill was 602 and this thing retraced all the way up to 608 So if you couldn't get that fill and you ended up waiting you could have gotten an even better fill than me So because this thing came back into the gap before finally dumping so this these are my trims and the reason I'm showing you my trims in this video is because I just want to explain The risk reward and just how powerful it is right? I took to I lost 220 points on the first trade It was a B set up almost a B minus to be honest This trade I risked more than the first trade because this trade is much better on paper And you know the momentum is much better We even create a one-minute order block up here or two-minute order block So this is a much better trade I ended up risking about 250 to 300 on this trade and I ended up making 200 on this trade you could see I went in with 10 micros I Trimbed very aggressively I trims six I trim six out or seven out of ten contracts at about 20 points Just because I wanted to get somewhat close to back to break even and we were tapping into these gaps below So it wasn't a hundred percent guaranteed that we were gonna keep selling off then I targeted the bottom of this fair value gap as my second TP because Basically here was 20 point trim here was about 45 point trim That's kind of the increments where I like to trim again. So it kind of made sense for me In hindsight, you could have just trimmed here And then held the rest of the position to down here, but That would have meant you wouldn't have trimmed for potentially 60 points, which it's risky You know because if price were to if price were to come down to here and then stop halfway and come all the way back up You're leaving a lot of money on the table, you know because price then moves 50 points I really like to trim every 20 or 30 points. That's just kind of my method So I trimmed two out of my three micros at 45 points I was now down to one micro and I was basically just targeting the new york low of day Which was also this swing low right here And yeah, and you could just see how the risk reward plays out, right the first trim alone seven out of 10 contracts made me $26 that is more than what I lost on the first trade now I have three contracts left all of that is pure profit Right all of that is pure profit. So I made 180 on this second trim and 164 Just off one micro. Okay, so Very very powerful if you know how to hold partials the risk to reward for this model is excellent It is excellent. Our average loss is 10 or 20 points every time Our average win I would say is like 20 to 40 points But multiple times a week we will hit 100 point trades if you've been trading with me for more than a couple months You'll see that Um, we hit a 100 point trade here. We hit a 100 point trade monday It like it's it's not that rare. So, you know holding runners is very very effective with this strategy Um, and yeah, that's that's the trade I caught that is going to be the only funded trades I take I'll probably stream later for p.m. But those will be for evals. We are on a 10 day win streak Crazy three minute by the way. I called I didn't take this one. I just simply tape read it Crazy three minute here off of the uh, this was right after my trade We kind of came down swept low of day Created that reversal crazy move crazy crazy move. All right Have a good one ladies and gentlemen. If you took this trade, let me know and if you have any questions Feel free to DM me