What is going on guys, Temple Trades? I'm break even right now. If that changes, I will update this video, but I don't think that's going to be the case. So anyway, break even day. This is the worst price action we've gone in weeks. And honestly, that's completely okay, because we've had really good price action consistently. So I'm fine with it. Basically, let me show you we had this crazy pre market dump right here off of fake news. I can't believe it is like that one of the only times I can remember seeing something like this. If we go to pre market right here, we had a 200 plus point dump, because Microsoft lowered its AI sales numbers. Okay, so the market reacted very bearish off that we dumped about 200 points. Then an hour or so later, it comes out that this was fake news. And Microsoft has not lowered its sales numbers. I've never seen that before. That's got to be illegal. That has got to be illegal. That is like crazy manipulation, crazy corruption. Now you can see prices rebounding off of that. Just really bad PA. We're not we are in 176 point range, which is very good, but it's just like choppy, very wiki just not really any opportunities to get any clean moves. I'll show you the one trade I did end up taking. I ended up taking this setup right here on funded. It was only a B setup. It was a 50% tap. Plus, we were rejecting the humongous 15 minute fair value gap that we created off of that fake news. This is a 150 point fair value gap. And what did we say yesterday when you have a humongous fair value gap like this on the lower timeframes, like sub one hour, they typically get respected way more than they get inverse in my experience. So I'm compare. I'm basically banking on the fact that this was going to reject on top of a decent ish 50% tap. Again, if you've been trading with me for a while, you know that you don't want price to wick past the level and you don't want price to close above the level, which it did here. So that's why it's like it's not the best 50% tap in the world. That's why I downgraded it from B plus to B. But I did like it enough to take it. So I ended up taking it. I went break even once we swept the swing low the second time or once we swept the swing low the first time, I guess I was up 23 points in this trade, but I wasn't really trying to trim there. I felt like it was too tight. And I was also aiming for these swing to swing points down here. So like I'm honestly okay with the decision. It would have been super small gains anyway. And that was really it. I took some eval trades that didn't work out. But again, there was only an eval. And that's it. What I will say is the last thing is this gold trade was very, very good. I got to start giving gold more credit. I've been very, very cautious with gold. Just because again, and Q's been my bread and butter, I have hundreds and hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of hours trading and Q thousands of trades. So I know how it moves like the back of my hand, but with gold, I have a fraction of that time. And I have seen that in the in the past couple months, it does trade very well off these liquidity sweeps. But yeah, there was this three minute setup right here. This wasn't even a major sweep. We kind of just came up, swept this pre market high, and then had this reversal pattern. And I decided not to take it. And this ended up absolutely smashing for 22 points. So hats off to gold. This was the best move of the day. It's nice to see that the reversals do work on gold. So just keep that in mind. If you want to have gold up on your charts, you could take some of these setups. They have been playing out very well. So it's pretty much it. The last thing I'll say is again, as a profitable trader, we are not gamblers. We're not looking for dopamine hits. Okay, you don't need to be in a trade every single second or every single day. That's not how this thing works. I only care how much I make at the end of the month. Was I profitable? Did I win more than I lost? Right? If you come into the mindset and you come into the market thinking that you have to take a trade every single day and how much money am I going to make every single day, you're going to force setups that aren't there. And when conditions are hard, you're going to get chopped up. Okay, it's very easy. I've met a ton of people who can win five, six, seven, eight days in a row, right? But on that ninth day when the conditions aren't good and they're forcing things, they lose all that progress from days one through eight because they can't control themselves. So these days are the days that really test you as a trader, not the days where it's easy and we take the first trade for 100 points and we're done by 10 a.m. Anyone can take those days. Those days are easy. These are the days that test your character. So if you're a break even, if you're either green break even and what in that ballpark pat yourself on the back, I think that's a win in my book. And yeah, if anything changes, I'll update the video. But if you're seeing this, that means I didn't make any money today. See you tomorrow.