What is going on guys tempo trades unfortunately man, we're gonna start day one of the challenge in the red It sucks, but it is what it is. We had some winning trades, but we also had some losing trades and we're gonna manage our risk We're gonna manage our risk just take it a day at a time and see if we can bounce back tomorrow So let's go over all the setups here Obviously all these trades were taken live on stream So the first trade was at 934 it was an SMT with ES. So let me just mark that out here Boom, you could see 930. Okay, cool so here is The Shrat so here's the SMT you could see NQ sweep sweeps the low ES does not there's bullish divergence in addition to that We swept I believe that hourly low right there. Let me say Yeah, we swept that hourly low right there. Okay, so There's a lot of confluences here There's a lot of confluences here confluence number one major sell side sweep confluence number two Bullish SMT we're in discount of the range So we should want to be longing and then you have this woman and I FEG here Okay, so those are the major confluences great setup been taken this for the last 10 months and printing The only thing I could really see that I could maybe wait for next time is the two minute didn't close here But other than that it looks like a great trade great momentum. We even put in the woman at order block here So looks great. Some people might have asked like hey, like why didn't you wait for the London Lotus sweep? Well, not every single level is going to sweep every single time if you wait for that you are going to miss setups there has been so many times in the streams where we have Level one here. We have level one level two here, right and Price just comes sweeps level one just like it did here and makes the move now The the thing that I do is I'm like, okay If price is going to give me the reactions and the momentum off the first sweep that I'm looking for I'll take the trade and if it fails I'll just simply look for the setup off the second sweep Because again the risk to reward for this model is very very good Our average loser is going to be 10 to 20 points or one of our big winners are going to be 50 to 100 You know we catch 100 point trades every week with this model So it's just about catching the trend and catching that reversal I guess you could say so this setup did not work. That was trade number one And yeah, that was trade number one, so I lost about 240 on that Let me let me go to trade number two So here's trade number two you have a one minute I FEG I believe it was this one down here Yeah, I believe it was this one. Oh is this one down here, so you have a woman at I FEG now what happened here is ES came down swept the London low So now we have another major sweep at this time We were also tapping into these high time frame fair value gaps You could see on the right ES is tapping into the four hour and Q's tapping into the four hour They're also what the heck just happened Okay mid video both it said and Q just vanished, but yeah, they're both tapping into high time frame gaps And ES got that recent sweep. So like I said before I was Completely okay with trying this again. I ended up trying it again on the one minute You could see the call out in the discord right here Let's see boom Boom here's here's the second attempt and I already know what some of you're gonna say like yes It's not sit completely singular But all the other positive confluences were Outweighing the one negative for the fact that it wasn't singular wasn't completely singular because you have that higher gap there But again, you had the sweep in discount Good momentum right good drawn liquidity like everything else was there. So I was just okay with taking it So I took the one minute here. I got a 20 point trim and Then I was looking to get another trim at the 50 Unfortunately what happened up here? Yes swept the New York high a day that you could see right there cause the bearish Divergence and price just came all the way back down to break even so that's annoying We missed our second TP by about five points I was going to trim at this yellow line right here, but it is what it is. So after that we were pretty much down to We're down a hundred bucks after those trades, right? So I mean definitely Potential to come back Here was the last two main setups of the day It took a lot of trades today, which is which is not normal We were just battling inside this hundred point range like if you go in the recap You're gonna see a ton of just one-oh wins one-oh wins and that's like the normal like look at that There's five one-oh wins in a row one-oh one-oh one-oh one-oh one-oh and today we took like four trades So we were just battling really a garbage range like specifically with ICT in the IFG model We want volatility we want healthy ranges and we've gotten that ever since the China tariff news like really good volatility Today was the first day where the AM range was only like a hundred points total. So just not the best range today It is what it is Here was the second or here was the third trade this was a Let's see right there. So here was a two-minute long just off of the bullish SMT and the re sweeps of the lows I want to show you here. This was like a B plus setup At that point it was getting towards the end of the session I was only down a hundred bucks and I was like, you know what this is actually pretty good You could see down here and Q sweeps that low Yes, does not sweep that low and then this is the real important thing This is a plus momentum like this is really really really good momentum And Yeah, the goal was to just enter here do like a kind of fix one or two risk to reward Or almost one or two kind of go for those highs that we missed the first time And it didn't work out the crazy part is I Wanted to do a hard stop here because I was seeing a ton of like Spike candles to the downside like look number one. Look how aggressive that down move is look how aggressive that down move is Look how aggressive that down move is so I wanted to use a hard stop right under the gap I would just wasn't sized for this entire gap here, but that ended up being The play because if I did that look at that it would have worked for 40 points So it is what it is last but not least is The last play which was a two-minute short Off the off the Asia sweep so you could see on the right ES comes up takes that Asia high that means shorts are now valid You could take it on ES you could take it an enqueue. They're both indices. They're supposed to be following each other and Yeah, so the shorts valid on enqueue as well You have a combined two-minute I FEG here and to make things even better like you literally have a bearish SMT as well once again ES sweeps that swing point and Q does not sweep that swing point. So just a textbook set up for me and It didn't work just didn't work. So that's gonna be day one. We'll wrap it up. Like I said, I'm not going to Try to get the whole loss back tomorrow or yeah, like what a lot of people do is they'll lose 500 or they'll lose 600 And then the next day they'll try to make exactly 600 like we're not gonna do that if it happens it happens I'm just trying to treat every single day individually. I know my edge. I know the model works and Just trying to take it one day at a time. So that's pretty much it. Hopefully you enjoy. I'll see you tomorrow