What is going on guys tempo trades man, what a trade recap this is I I'm just so pleasantly surprised of how well the markets been moving and this is like Not even for the members, but this is what I needed for myself to to just show like dude this strategy prints money man and Back in March in April We were on a 48 day win streak, you know like look at this We were on a 48 day win streak when price action was actually good and again, I keep saying it We got away from all-time highs. We're still relatively close. You know as things stand right now. We're Only 700 points away, which isn't impossible But now that we're back down and we have buy side liquidity We have sell side the quiddity and we have a little bit of volatility into the market. Oh my goodness, man How beautiful today was so personally unfunded I went one and oh on the stream today I went three for three including passing four evals. I'll show you everything. So let's start now I on my fundage I traded Asia and I have probably traded Asia less than three times this entire year I think the last time I traded Asia was when Trump got elected, but you know, sometimes I do it You know, I see a ton of volatility with some sort of news event and I know that I can maybe get a quick little scalp And I just went for it. I simply put I just went for it. So you could see right here This was yesterday at 6 15 p.m. I took this little one-minute IFEG scalp Here were my executions for that as well So you could see my executions and yeah I just knew like the market on Sunday was going to open extremely volatile because of the China tariff news Then coming out over the weekend Trump kind of walked back his statement about going so hard on China So I don't know what's going on. It's almost like he's manipulating the market. He threatens China We dump a thousand points. He tells everybody never mind. It's chill. Don't worry. We go back another 500 points It is crazy. He's single-handedly moving the market And I knew that I could capitalize Sunday night because of how volatile is going to be so I did it In addition to that We saw that Monday was a bank holiday and I just they didn't know if we were gonna get anything good on Monday Now this is the weirdest bank holiday I've ever seen because normally when you have a bank holiday the market closes at one It's a half day right but I asked all the different prop firms. I asked around today is not a half day It's a normal day, but it's just a called a bank holiday. So I'm talking to myself and I'm like, okay Like we're gonna get a lot of volatility Monday We should get great movement anyway, even if it's a bank holiday and the market is a full day It's not closing at one I'm gonna stream today and I'm so glad I decided to do that because we went four for four on Callouts today. Okay callouts number one and two were basically the same exact trade idea Let me show you So here's call out number one Here is call out number one. It was the two-minute IFE G right here. You got a liquidity sweep Right here. You got the sweep of liquidity. You got somewhat of the 50% tap But more importantly you got the SMT that bearish or bullish. Sorry that bullish divergence right here and Q Swept out these pre-market lows ES did not so that is bullish divergence You get a two-minute bullish order block forming right here and then you get an insanely strong Two-minute bullish candle through the gap And that was the trade so the first trade I ended up taking okay this trade right here I ended up taking just for about 25 points I took an eval set up because my green my fundage were already green here are the winning trades right there 3000 times four accounts pass that in one trade by the way bull knocks is 83% off So if you want to do that and pass an account with me on stream use code temple now After that I got hit out or it would have gone hit out break even right it comes back down I told everyone I'm like look if you missed that first trade because you did have to chase Re-entries are still valid here. We really didn't sweep any liquidity If price wants to tap off this gap and move higher you could take another entry and I said that there's no hindsight I post the live streams So a lot of people took that reentry and the reentry did even better than the other trade If you would have gone a reentry here when we tapped back into the IFE G And put your and simply just put your stop under the IFE G like that This thing went for over a hundred points on the reentry. So Absolutely beautiful day Absolutely beautiful day the last call out was on stream. It was this one right here. It was off the 30 second This was another SMC that we kind of just formed decided to call out the combined 30 second gap and this one worked for 40 points So great day. I am so pleased you can see the members wins right here. We also just requested a payout over the weekend, so it looks like everyone for the most part killed it and Again, I'm not to beat a dead horse it's kind of fingers crossed that this continues because I may even go for a record month for myself in terms of prop from payouts if this keeps up so Yeah, those are the those are the trades today. If you have any questions, please feel free to reach out see you tomorrow tomorrow.