What is going on guys tempo trades we have a trade recap if you're watching this we took one win one loss Good news the win was bigger than the loss. So Here was the win. This was like a really Anxious like long hold I was in this trade for like 10 15 minutes before it went anywhere. I'm currently still in the trade I'm holding runners Essentially, what is the reason for this trade? Well, price had an insane pump during the session We came up here to the top of the range. We tapped a four hour BPR. We created a bearish SMT that did hold So that was really the main confluences for the setup just bearish divergence delivering from that four hour BPR The momentum was god-awful I mean, this is god-awful momentum and it's like it's expected because normally like after a big move You'll see consolidation, you know, this is a crazy big move in a very short period of time So for us to have consolidation up here, it's understandable And and yeah, I ended up giving this trade I think like a B plus rating if you wanted to argue a B. I wouldn't really Against that it's in that range, but that's pretty much what I wanted to do. So Basically, I was using hard. I was using a soft stop initially, right? I was using a soft stop I did not get out on this little wick here and then once I saw the wick form I'm like, okay, that's probably the manipulation. We're good now and then I put my hard stop right here Mid trade so again, that's why initially unless it's super volatile and I know that price could blow through my gap I'm gonna try to use a soft stop. It's gonna save you and here's a perfect example You know, like if you put your stop loss right above the gap that would have faked you out and you would have taken the L But you know the momentum is not fast The chances of it just blowing through my stop loss zone is very low So you have the luxury of using a mental stop and it saves you money. So yeah, basically I sat through this for 10 minutes. We finally got the dump We hit this little first area then we hit the lower gap so we hit two teepees already now We're kind of waiting for these last two teepees And then I'll be fully out of the trade so great trade Not every trade is gonna be pretty and hit your teepee in five seconds Like sometimes you really have to work for it and that's kind of what the last two days have been You know my first trade's been a loss and I've battled back and that's what it takes to be a profitable trader. So Yeah, that's my second trade if I show you the first trade Crazy man. I wanted longs the whole time. I Well, I did want longs the entire time. I'll even show you here So I wrote here I said NQ just swept an hourly low longs could work And then I tried longs two different times and I couldn't catch the real move. Okay first setup. I tried Was this one minute right here? It was this let me see I don't remember I don't recall I know it was this okay the first setup I tried right here was this one minute this was It was this one minute right here So this was off of an hourly liquidity sweep if I go to the hourly time frame there is your liquidity sweep boom So it's a textbook long. It's not in discount which makes it an a-minus for me, but I Mean it's a valid sweep. You have the sweep here. You're looking for that reversal You get really good momentum right here on the screen candle And it's you know and I even think there was an SMT Seven thirty. Yeah, there's even an SMT. So there's even a bullish SMT down here as well So like this trade is is a textbook one for me regardless of it failed. I like it It ended up failing and then I tried one more move right here, which was the 30 second IFE G But I ended up getting stopped out break even Yeah, right there I ended up getting stopped out break even and then of course The third move up is the one we wanted the whole time just It is what it is sometimes that's gonna happen, you know, that's the move I wanted the whole time But I gave it my best shot. I didn't want to spam entries and you know get chopped up. So I gave it two attempts The first trade was only like a 20 point loss. It might have been less Was it 20 points? I have been less than 20 Now it was only a 12 point loss So the first trade was like a 12 point loss The second trade was a break even the third trade was a 10 point win on ES and it's still going 13 14 And again 14 points on ES is not the same as 14 points in NQ 14 points on ES is a really big deal. I'm actually gonna trim here as I'm making this video Yeah, I just trimmed So 14 points is a very big deal. So the winner was bigger than the loser Yeah, so that's the video guys have a good one I'm now holding one micro this this one up 18 points