What is going on guys tempo trades man price action has been so good dude So good so good so good I even went to go get lunch and I just saw this v-shape IFVG setup right here coming out of a one-hour fair value gap And we swept the New York AM low right here price action has been so good Hopefully you guys are capitalizing on this. I was one and oh on the day. I also took an eval trade So let's go over that. All right. Here was the funded trade real quick It was this setup right here. Okay now. This is a B setup It's not my typical bread and butter reversal But what ended up happening in the morning is we had a huge pump up and we started creating big fair value gaps, right? Now I told my stream I said look When you have mega gaps these two three-minute gaps stacked on top of each other are 80 points I was telling them when you have a huge gaps 80 hundred points It is way more likely that we are going to bounce off of these imbalances and continue higher than it is that we're gonna inverse them That's what I found in my forward testing huge fair value gaps Especially on those lower time frames get respected way more often than not so what I was telling them was like look We actually might get a play for a continuation setup It is a B setup so only take that if you're comfortable with that, but I ended up taking this Right here. So all this is is a continuation trade tapping those lower gaps moving higher continuing the trend We also had a bullish SMT. There was a ton of divergence here between ES and NQ You could see on the right hand side of the screen. Yes, actually sweeps the New York AM low NQ gets nowhere near it nowhere near it if I move my face cam. So there was a bullish SMT active as well And yeah, this was the setup. I just took my base hit. I trimmed everything at the high You could have even kept holding because it went for like 50 or 60 points But here was the trade right here and then you could see my executions right there. So that was my trade We are on a nine-day win streak officially tomorrow will be number 10 And then last but not least was the eval trade It was the two minutes It was the two minute IFEG setup right here. Why was this a valid trade? Well, I believe ES came up and swept that high right there. So let me Know it didn't where where was I looking at here? Hold on. It might have been this high actually I'd have been that high right there Let's go here Boom Yeah, it was so we ended up sweeping the hourly high on ES meaning shorts are valid on ES and NQ They're both indices. They should both follow each other. So I called this out on stream I said you could take the two minute on ES you could take the two minute on Q They're both valid And yeah, I ended up chasing on this candle right here and I caught 70 points You could have also taken the ES close right there and you would have caught 15 points So just some insane trades here insane trades one hour Liquidity sweep and again we're in premium of the range We should be wanting to short back down to the middle of the range. That is why we're shorting We also got a liquidity sweep on ES. I had it as an a setup I lowered this down to an a-rating just because we did consolidate here for About 30 minutes. So there was a lot of consolidation up here at the top of the range But it finally broke and we got that nice move down. So here is the winning for that I ended up buying an apex account which is on sale $6,000 in one trade past that bad boy in one trade and yeah, it was an overall successful day last but not least We have a lot of sales ending today apex last day. You can do this $10 activation fee tomorrow This is going to go up to $85. Keep that in mind next up take profit trader. Pretty sure this is ending this week If you get a payout on one of their accounts, they will refund you the entire fee You can get an account for $0 with code tempo and then new coming in today bull knocks 30% off if you are a beginner, this is hands down the best deal because it is the cheapest Upfront cost. Yes, there is an activation fee, but as a beginner You're not expected to pass the account for a little bit because you're learning. So for beginners This is the best deal you can get an account for $15 with code tempo By far the best thing to do and it looks like this will be active for the entire month So make sure you do capitalize on those deals. All right, that is the trade recap. Hopefully you guys are Enjoying trading with me. I'm so happy how the discord has been performing ever since the government shutdowns ended Seeing so much profit so much payouts You know, you could see peaceful pips just had the biggest day of all time whiz just got a payout here So very very happy with how we're executing. Let's move on to tomorrow for day number 10