Alright guys, if you're watching this video, crazy, crazy mayhem. I ended up taking one trade today and it was break even. I don't even want to go over it that much because it doesn't really matter. But we were getting a really, really shitty range right here. Very low volume and we went from 0 to 100 super quick. Like we went from no volatility at all to the most volatility we've ever seen in months. The market ended up dumping 700 points because of the Trump China stuff. It looks like Trump's increasing tariffs on China and the tensions are rising there. So that definitely caused the sell off. I pray to God, man. I pray to God we stay down here because I think a combination of all time highs and the government shutdown has been causing these conditions recently. And if we can just stay down here and not go back up into that range, I think next week will be a lot, lot better for our day trading purposes. So this is great. This is definitely great. I decided to stay out of this. I think when you're trading fundids, this is like almost gambling. I did call out two trades. It was on eval and I made it very, very clear that it was eval and I said, look, don't take it unless you're just, you're okay with. Bullporting an eval essentially and both of these trades hit. It was really just a continuation I FG off of the dump. You could see the first 30 second trade right there and then the second 30 second trade right here. Both of them worked out the 15 second one failed. Actually, I called another one out on the 15 second that one failed, but these two worked and you would have passed your evals there in one trade. If you took it, but yeah, I'm not trading my fund is in these conditions because I mean you can literally click buy or sell and within one second you're down there up 30 points like it's chaotic. What's going on right now? So as of recording this, it's about 12 o'clock. I'm going to wait for this volatility to die down and I may look for a setup. But if you're watching this video, that means I just couldn't find a trade and I'm ending the Friday break even so just some chaotic conditions. The morning was very, very garbage until 11am. And now it's like it's this. So I want somewhere in the middle, you know, market if we I don't want zero volatility and I don't want a million volatility. I just want somewhere in the middle. We're getting close. So yeah, that's that's how I'm ending my week. If you have any questions, feel free to reach out and I will see you guys later.