What is going on guys tempo trades once again today was a weird day man weird weird day It kind of was setting up to be like yesterday So I decided to make the decision to just shut it down on the fundage early And yeah, we'll go over the whole day I ended up taking this trade in front of the whole stream It wasn't on any specific account, but just did it for educational purposes and this trade absolutely mooned so Alright, so let's go over basically what we were looking at here. Okay, so basically Fresh off the open Training if you need to load fresh off the open and Q goes up. Yes goes down There's a lot of divergence here and I'm looking for a short So I end up taking I believe the 30 second. Let me see No, I think it was the one minute Now maybe it was the 30 second it was the 30 second so I ended up taking this 30 second here off of Off of the London sweep just looking for a move lower. I did end up getting a good fill So I ended up getting a 17 point trim, which again is not a big trim, but it's a base hit And then it went break even now This is the same exact thing that happened yesterday. You know what I mean yesterday My first trade was a winner then I decided to risk profits It was only like a 20 point trade decided to risk profits that was a loser And then it just kind of Snowballed into like win lose win lose and I had to battle myself to like get back to a good spot, right? So I didn't want to do that again. So after this first trade, I was like look, you know, it's a winner This is a base hit. It's 17 points Here was while I talk here was the trade So it was it was pretty much just this but yeah So I was like, hey guys, you know, it's a winner. Obviously, it's it's not as big as we want it to be but You know I'm what I'm gonna do instead of just completely shutting it down and you know this early I'm gonna risk half of my profits on my fundids and keep the other half and for me That would have been a win-win, you know, I either end a green day no matter what or I get to secure more profits So what I saw was I Got to find the second play now Where was the second play hold on hold on I got to think here I got to think where was the second play I Don't remember Hold on I'm thinking. Oh, I think it was it didn't happen yet. It was right here. Hold on Okay, it was right here. It was right here. So Second I'm just backtracking to see what we were doing here. I Believe it was right here No What's it this lower 30 second, I believe it might have been this lower 30 second here. Yeah Okay, so I believe the second play it was this lower 30 second the first trade the confluences was I was taking it off of the London Sweep this one was pretty much just the fact that we came up We re-swept this New York AM high and ES didn't creating bullish or bearish diverges Excuse me, and we just got really good momentum. I mean you could see these candles here. There's a lot of strength good momentum Decided to try it aiming for that 50% level and this one was a loser I got a really good fill on this one. I said it in the stream. I got 185 Bangor ass fill, but this one was a loser. I saw I saw about 12 points of profit I decided not to go break even and that was a loser So I ended up giving profits back on half of my accounts and I just said you know what I'm not doing the same thing We did yesterday. This is ridiculous So I ended up taking the base hit on half the other half are just at break even And then I just traded evals pretty much for the rest of the session. There was some good trades There was some good trades specifically The problem when you take so many trades You just forget like I think we literally took like five or six trades today on stream Um, I think there was a two minute up here. I Think there was a two minute Yeah, so here was the two minute. I decided to take this we ended up on the higher timeframe Sweeping out this hourly high and tapping into a high time frame gap So I like that two minute decided to take the two minute on eval Where is it oh, it's right here so that two minute ended up working Right here Trading views very slow right now. So that two minute ended up working took this two minute. That was a winner this was about 70 points and then I ended up taking a loser on eval off the 50% tap I Believe which was the 30 second Right here So that was a loser on the 30 second But then I ended up doing a reentry and I actually ended up taking this on stream And this was a winner So I ended up taking a reentry of the 50% tap on the three minute. You could see good momentum We formed this 30 second bullish order block And this was a winner So yeah That was a winner all the way to the highs and then if I go to If I remove replay mode you can see my executions there with the green or the blue and the red arrow So that's it. I know there's been a lot of trades recently That's just how it panned out, but if you're new here I just want to say normally we only take one or two trades a day We take one trade we make our profits we get off and that's it But when you take a trade and your first trades a winner, but it's so small It's it's a decision you have to make where it's like, okay Do I want to go for something else or am I just gonna take a small green day? And that's just how it's been panning out recently, but I have no doubt it'll go back to normal Relatively soon. So that is my trade recap on the fund. It's one win one loss Half a counter green half a counter break even we'll see you tomorrow. Peace Peace.