What is going on guys tempo trades we are back. I think this is day four of the challenge man Yeah, we're ending with a win. We had to battle today. We literally had to battle I think today it says five trades, but it's because there was a couple break evens in there There was there was what was it? It was two wins one loss We can go over everything but today was a battle if you're in the stream you understand there was like spike candles We were dealing with manipulation like so many break-even trades It was kind of ridiculous dude. It was kind of ridiculous So let me just show you what we were looking at. This was off of an hourly swing high right here So this is the liquidity sweep. Here's your swing high. This was also I guess the 9 a.m. Hourly candles. So there's your liquidity sweep off of that sweep shorts are valid on NQ and ES I decided to take it on NQ right here and you could see the whole thing called out right here. I said ES swept the swing high on the right and I marked out the setup on the left and I basically said I'm gonna try a one-hour risk here hard stop was at the swing high I was just gonna go for a one-to-one Because price action this morning was super draining just want to go for a one-to-one We're also in the lunchtime window now So we're not even in the kill zone. So I am more than happy We're just taking a $300 win and ending my day and I clearly said I'm going break-even at 194 Which is a swing low and I'm doing a full one-hour trim once we hit the lower gap. What happened? We hit the lower gap. Here's my executions $338 eight micros and The best part about it is that was a perfect fill or trim because price reversed after that lower gap and came back to break Even so we actually Captured the maximum profits on that trade right there. So dude, I'm super happy I'm super happy if I go through Here was the second win of the day. This got me back to even we actually got blessed with a bullish spike candle on this trade I'm gonna post a video on my Instagram later about that But we took this long off of a 50% tap on ES at about 10 20 and that worked for 30 points and then the loss was we tried this We tried this short right here and the crazy part is we got manipulated like look at this. I want to show you This was a two-minute short, right? Look at this Look at this Okay So I think it was a short right here Yeah So look at this I tried this short here off of the London High Sweep at in premium of the range textbook kind of look and price stopped me out right here and then proceeded to Actually go down how many points 34 points? It would have been a win, but it is what it is In hindsight what I see here is It kind of respected that higher gap So I think next time I could just set up a bigger stop for that But yeah two wins one loss the only thing that matters is we came out green Yeah, and the accounts pretty much back to even I mean $60 is what like point three are so point two are so for me in my eyes the accounts basically back to even We have CPI coming tomorrow if we could get a data candle tomorrow could turn out to be a very very big trading day for us And yeah guys, yeah, it's been it's been a grind and again look at look at price right here What are we seeing we are a hundred and fifty points away from all-time highs which Is not ideal, but we're doing our best in this challenge We have two days now of $200 or more Ideally, you know, you need three to get a payout, but you know, we need to get some profits I'd like to get at least a thousand dollar payout for the challenge, but we'll just see how the next couple days go man So that is it that is my trade just quick and easy one-to-one base hit pays the bills on this trade right here and Yeah, that is all she wrote. It is all she wrote beautiful trade man beautiful trade