What is going on guys tempo trades we're coming at you one win one loss we are break even on the day Really really bad price action today, but that was completely expected completely completely expected Kind of for the wrong reasons, but I came in today And I was like you know we came back and we woke up and we were just trending again at all-time highs and I'm like no The price action was so good So again at all-time highs It's gonna be hard to trade. I'm very cautious at all-time highs. So I said that and Basically off the open we just dumped a hundred points And I ended up taking two trades. Okay now we got very garbage continuation very poor expansion But yeah, I ended up taking two trades here Here's trade number one This was a long right here off of that Asia sweep now Here's my thing my TP one was right here. It was about 16 17 points in profit, right? So I ended up trimming right here when we made equal highs and then I got stopped outbreak even here Why did I do that again? The momentum was bad at the time. Yes was hitting the 50% level So I was kind of concerned and I didn't really want to hold through that because if it rejected off the 50 It was just gonna go lower. So I took a trim there for about 16 points like point five R It came back to break even it went up a little bit more to about 25 points, but then it went and hit break even again. So I didn't even miss out on any profits really And basically I was telling my chat. I'm like look if you're up 200 plus on a 50k account I'd probably just shut it down here the price action is clearly worse than it's been re in the last couple days There's no reason to over trade in these conditions. Just wait for tomorrow and hopefully it's better But for me I was not up $200 so I'm like, okay, I'll risk my profits on the next trade if it's a win I'll be green because of two small base hits and if it's red. I'll just be break even for me It's a win-win. I don't really care So what did I do? I waited for another setup here was the trade. I absolutely love this trade There's like seven confluences on this There's literally seven confluences on this. Okay, if we go look here We're in discount of the range because we're at the bottom We got a major sweep if you go on the hourly time frame E. S. Swept this hourly low right here at 7 5 5. It's also tapping into that gap So we're in discount. Yes had the major sweep. Yes had a beautiful reaction to the sweep We're inside the kill zone and Q had really good momentum. Look at where I'm circling here. That is beautiful momentum Not really a clear drawn liquidity like if you want to say 50% level, but I just left it off We do have an SMT as well because you could see at the time You could see at the time NQ did not sweep this low and ES did so there's your bullish SMT and then last but not least We already showed you that ES was tapping the gap. So there's literally seven confluences here So I have no problems whatsoever risking my profits again If you're up over 200 or something like that, I wouldn't risk your profits no matter what but my situation was different So what did I do? I took the trade it failed. I am break even for the day Someone asked me why do I think it failed sometimes guys? There's not a reason why every single trade fails You're looking for reasons, but again, we're playing a probabilities game if a model has a 70 80% win rate Sometimes it's just gonna fail If I had to put my finger on it, I would just say the higher time frame looks extremely bearish now You know, you could see the strength of these red candles We even put in a four-hour border block right here So it just could very well be that the four hour is trending bearish and we tried to hit a reversal when it wasn't the right moment That's all it is. So That's about it though. I'm done for the day not gonna over trade made a lot of money the last two days So we'll see what Friday brings and yeah, peace Peace.