What is going on guys, Temple Trades, we are on a six day win streak, another win coming today. For me this week, the mentality is just base hits, especially last year, like during these holiday weeks, it's very hit or miss with ranges and volatility and stuff like that. So we did get a lot of volatility today in hindsight, 300 point range is pretty massive. We're kind of coming off of what we did last week with the insane volatility. We'll see when this is going to end, but we're still managing it pretty well winning every single day. Here is the trade that I took. It was pre-market right here. I think this went for like 25 points off of the close. It went for 26 points off of the close. So this is just a textbook trade. We come up, we sweep London high, right? We're in premium of the range. We want to be looking for that reversal back down. Here is the call out here. I said going to take another jab short and then at 20 points I said trimming heavily and then my second trim was going to be this lower fair value gap. We did not end up hitting that. So trimming heavily was the right play. We're going to be looking for a good start. We're going to be looking for a good start. We're going to be looking for a good start. We're going to be looking for a good start. We're going to be looking for a good start. We're going to be looking for a good start. We're going to be looking for a good start. We're going to be looking for a good start. We're going to be looking for a good start. We're going to be looking for a good start. We're going to be looking for a good start. We're going to be looking for a good start. We're going to be looking for a good start. We're going to be looking for a good start. We're going to be looking for a good start. We're going to be looking for a good start. We're going to be looking for a good start. We're going to be looking for a good start. We're going to be looking for a good start. We're going to be looking for a good start. We're going to be looking for a good start. We're going to be looking for a good start. We're going to be looking for a good start. We're going to be looking for a good start. We're going to be looking for a good start. We're going to be looking for a good start. We're going to be looking for a good start. We're going to be looking for a good start. We're going to be looking for a good start. We're going to be looking for a good start. We're going to be looking for a good start. We're going to be looking for a good start. We're going to be looking for a good start. We're going to be looking for a good start. We're going to be looking for a good start. We're going to be looking for a good start. We're going to be looking for a good start. We're going to be looking for a good start. We're going to be looking for a good start. We're going to be looking for a good start. We're going to be looking for a good start. We're going to be looking for a good start. We're going to be looking for a good start. We're going to be looking for a good start. We're going to be looking for a good start. We're going to be looking for a good start. We're going to be looking for a good start. We're going to be looking for a good start. We're going to be looking for a good start. We're going to be looking for a good start. We're going to be looking for a good start. We're going to be looking for a good start. We're going to be looking for a good start. We're going to be looking for a good start. We're going to be looking for a good start.