What is going on guys tempo trades pretty boring Friday? It looks like we ended up making most of our money The first couple days of the week, which is not typical. I would say that's usually reversed But we got robbed of NFP unfortunately man. I don't know what's going on with this government shutdown But you can see right here US NFP is delayed So we were going to get a great data candle today and we could have taken a trade off of it and rode out into the sunset but unfortunately due to real-world events That is getting delayed. So we we managed to do what we could really bad price action today Honestly, like it it says it's a hundred and sixteen point range, but it really just doesn't tell the full story Just bad just really really bad Okay, so I took three trades today the first one was a break even setup No, I actually took two trades today one of them was just a call out So here's the first setup Basically, what is this trade it is a bullish SMT paired with the fact that We were tapping a one-hour fair value gap. You could see right there. We were delivering from any one hour. So You have this SMT here With ES because NQ came down swept the open candle ES never did that showing bullish divergence. Yes was just pumping the entire morning today and NQ just couldn't keep up. It was dragging it down to be honest with you. So I like this trade I gave it a B plus Especially it's great momentum you have the SMT and again if ES is gonna pump at all-time highs We're just hoping that NQ can follow through and we could start getting a decent move here. So I took the two minute break even was here And I believe that got stopped out break even right there. Yeah, thank God. I went break even there by the way Save myself. So that was the first trade the second trade Ended up being I don't been remembered to be honest. Oh it was this Okay, here was my funded trade. So We have an hourly low right here. This is an hourly liquidity sweep now obviously, this is horrendous momentum but Based on what we were getting it was still worth it for me to take let's go over the confluences here So, okay number one we're in discount of the range number two. We got an hourly sweep I could just bring up the checklist here Okay, we're in discount we got a major sweep bad reaction bad momentum There is an SMT and I believe we're delivering from a gap. Let's see We were on yes Yeah, so we were on yes, okay So, yeah, it's this was another like kind of B set up Not really a setup, but this was just a B setup. I wanted to take it again We also got another SMT because you could see here and Q swept this 10-0-1 low And I believe the 10-0-1 low on yes was never touched Or the 10-0-3 low, excuse me Yeah, there was a bullish SMT here and on top of that, you know, like yes was still respecting the 50% level So this was a B plus. It's not as clean as some of the other sweeps we take But just based on the PA and what we were getting up until this point. I was willing to take it I ended up taking this combined 30 second right here and I literally told my stream. I It's 20 points. I'm going to trim everything but one micro. I normally don't do that I normally don't trim so aggressively at TP one but again because of the context I just don't believe that we're gonna get an expansion move. I'm just like, you know what like we've taken so many break even trades We're just going back and forth here. I think it's gonna be the same thing We're gonna hit break even and it's probably gonna come back. So I literally said in the stream I'm trimming everything but one micro and thank God I did because what do you know boom right back to break even so I ended up catching a good base hit there. I made like $300 per account Just off of that little move alone And it's it's something that I try to preach to everyone, you know Not every day is going to be equal, you know on days like the earlier this week where price action looks amazing Those are days where you could size up and go for bigger moves on days like today where it's very obviously Different just kind of grinding low probability conditions You want to size down and go for base hits and you know, I went for a base hit So here was the last call out. I gave this a flat B set up I think this is really only an eval trade just because of how again look how bad we're consolidating at the bottom here But I did point it out I was like look if you want to try to take a 20 point scalp here and go aim for the 50% level you can And it did just that there's there's 24 points. So this is really more of an eval trade I don't think I'd take this on a funded but yeah, that's about it. That's about it pretty boring Friday But we're ending the week green And that's all you can ask for man. That is all you can ask for so if you have any questions feel free to reach out See you Monday