All right, what is going on guys, have all trades we were to an O pre market I'm making this video before the market even opens because this was like insanely, insanely textbook. I'll just show you everything. So here was the first or the second trade. Basically, we were deep in discount. We swept this four hour low right here inside of this bullish fair value gap. This is this was like an A plus setup besides the fact that it was pre market. Everything else was beautiful. If we go to my checklist right here, we go to the checklist. I think it marks off everything. We have a major liquidity sweep in discount good momentum, strong reaction, no SMT delivering from a high timeframe gap. So there's six confluences right there. Very, very good trade on the one minute here. This went it ended up going like 40 points. So yeah, 40 points. So this one ended up going 40 points off of that four hour sweep. You already know that we called it out. You could see right here. I said longs look amazing. And then here was me in the trade. So that was my second trade. I actually went back in just because of how good this one looked. My first trade was over here. This was on the 32nd timeframe. This trade in terms of grading was a little bit worse. This was really just off of the hourly tap and the momentum. I thought there was a liquidity sweep for this trade, but there was not. I was mistaken. And this was a 30 point trade right here. And then kind of the same confluences in discount. We tapped an hourly fair value gap and good momentum. And I thought it was a liquidity sweep, but it wasn't. So I give the I give the second trade an A rating. I would give it an A plus if it was in the kill zone. The first trade I will give a B plus rating. You can see I called it out here. I said if you can see a clean long setup, I think it's worth the shot because we were dumping down into this range. And then I called out I'm in long end queue right there. So yeah, I mean just a 30 and 40 point win pre market. You don't really got to complicate it. You know, government shutdown is over. We're away from all time highs. This is really the environment where I'm going to print and we're going to go on another win streak here. I believe in the model. I've made hundreds of thousands of dollars at this point with the model. So I'm very, very confident that we are going to start hitting some crazy streaks. And today was a beautiful start to that. So I'm to an O. Here are my profits. If you guys want to know how I journal and everything like that for the profits, this is called trade. Zella. So I inputted both my trades there. This is not with one account. This is copy traded amongst 20 plus accounts. Just like I said, I'm not going to go into the next one. I'm going to go into the next one. I'm going to go into the next one. I'm going to go into the next one. I'm going to go into the next one. I'm going to go into the next one. I'm going to go into the next one. I'm going to go into the next one. I'm going to go into the next one. I'm going to go into the next one. I'm going to go into the next one. I'm going to go into the next one. I'm going to go into the next one. I'm going to go into the next one. I'm going to go into the next one. I'm going to go into the next one. I'm going to go into the next one. I'm going to go into the next one. I'm going to go into the next one. I'm going to go into the next one. I'm going to go into the next one. I'm going to go into the next one. I'm going to go into the next one. I'm going to go into the next one. I'm going to go into the next one. I'm going to go into the next one. I'm going to go into the next one. I'm going to go into the next one. I'm going to go into the next one. I'm going to go into the next one. I'm going to go into the next one. I'm going to go into the next one. I'm going to go into the next one. I'm going to go into the next one. I'm going to go into the next one. I'm going to go into the next one. I'm going to go into the next one. I'm going to