What is going on guys, Teplo trades, this is the trade recap. We are ending the day one win one loss for a break even day. I will go over everything kind of just a back and forth back and forth. Let's pull everything up. So I'm going to use this just because it's easier. Let's see. Okay, so here's the first trade. This was a break even trade really tragic. I got in on this long here off of the 50% tap it looks really really good. And I was up six points here but it wasn't even like a one R because I was risking about seven or eight. So I decided I was like look I'm going to put my TP right up here. I'm targeting that other fair value gap. So I simply went break even when we pumped up there and it came back to break even so kind of a tough one. There's a world where I could have taken the six points but it is what it is then on trade. Let me see where's trade number two. To do to do. Okay, here was trade number two. This was a break even trade. I can actually pull this one up at about 1150. Let me pull this one up. Yeah, so we just had a massive pump today we swept previous week high and we swept a ton of buy side liquidity so I was looking for that reversal back down to the range. And we really just never got that we are kind of consolidating at the top of the range currently so here was the setup. Was it this one? Let me see I think it was that three minute there. Yeah, was that three minute. Okay, here's the setup right here. This was a combined three minute I FG you had to enter before it closed on this one. I was targeting this right here but because of all the break evens and all the wicks I decided to trim a little bit early I caught about 17 points as soon as it touched the lower gap. And then I quickly got met with the break even you could see I called out the setup right there so after that there was one more I still really wanted I still really really wanted shorts again we're at the top of the range my model is calling for shorts. We swept liquidity I believe we're even tapping a high time frame gap. So I had about $150 of profit on that trade right there. What I decided to do is I saw this five minute on EF I was like I still really like shorts. This looks like a somewhat clean setup because of the lack of gaps it looks pretty singular to me. I'm going to take this five minute and the five minute didn't end up working so I lost the $150 of profit. And now we're ending the day break even. So yeah I'm kind of kind of just break even today but it's alright we're still on a seven day streak. I don't you definitely don't want to force setups in this I mean if this doesn't look like a barcode to I don't know what does I try to look for PM setups but it doesn't look like we're going to get anything. We're kind of just consolidating up here at the top of the range. So that may be the week because I don't trade bank holidays and I don't think you should either I've been trading futures for like three years now and bank holidays are just not consistently favorable. So tomorrow I won't be trading and then Friday I'll be doing a premium class instead of trading the morning so that is how the Wednesday went. they went.