What is going on guys tempo trades we're back in the win column and we got a base hit today about 234 dollars Let's go over everything you could see it locks my account out and this is kind of what I was saying yesterday like You don't have to make the entire Yesterday's win back. That's what's going to cause greed. That's what's going to cause tilt for this challenge I'm just gonna try to treat every day individually There are gonna be some areas where I take my shots and I'm like, okay I'm gonna go a little bit riskier here and go for a bigger play, but I'll explain the setup for today It was very very good. I could have made more, but I ended up only going half size. So let's just take a look at it So here was the trade We basically dumped off the open. Okay, we dumped. Let's see We dumped about a hundred points off open So and we started sweeping a ton of liquidity more importantly, we started sweeping the Asia low down here Which is a very very big sell side level, okay a lot of the time what's gonna happen You're gonna see that liquidity sweep and then see that reversal price is gonna start to move higher Now if ES is going to move higher off that sweep What's going to happen and Q is going to follow it because they're indices they both correlate with each other, right? So you could also see the same exact thing here back at 7 30 a.m What did NQ do came down swept this low reversed off of it. So we're looking for the same exact thing now So here was the one minute long I really like this long here basically we were going to go along off this inversion Right and then target the top side of this range and then this was gonna be you know like TP1 And then up here is gonna be TP2. Okay, and you can even see here Oh One second you can even see here actually called it out as well So I said a two major sell side levels and Q also swept previous day low down there at like the 205 area So a ton of sell side liquidity sweeping and then I also called out the gap as well In addition to that we were also tapping off high time frame fair value gaps Which is another good confluence is when price is rejecting this hourly gap here So you compare the higher time frame with the lower time frame, right? So here's the setup now unfortunately we had to chase on this trade and it's just a part of the system Sometimes price is going to be super volatile and what is our ideal entry, right? Our ideal entry is right here at about 211 that gives us about a 20 point almost cushion to TP1 Unfortunately, we had to chase in the middle of this setup um Which ended up I got a really bad fill like I got a fill like up here and I couldn't go full size right because what happens right initially you had a 13 point Stop loss if you go full size up here now you have a 27 point stop loss You're risking double the amount of money you wanted to so I ended up going half size up here Basically and the second it hit this higher fair value gap. I was just like okay I'm gonna run this as a half size play. It is what it is and here was my thought process with this, okay? So this is a ginormous fair value gap This is a 40 point fair value gap and again What is going to cause if egs to fail other fair value gaps other? imbalances and liquidity sweeps those are the main things that are gonna make price fail in reverse So what I'm just looking at this as a probability standpoint Yes, could I have held? Runners or could I even held my position longer to appear? Yes But the probabilities for me and my experience are gonna show that a lot of the time We're gonna hit this gap and actually reject to lower just because of how massive it is So what did I do? I essentially just trimmed right there up about 25 points when it hit this CE of the gap You can see my executions right there. So I wanted to get in with 10 I Ended up getting in with five and I just trimmed all five At about 25 points to secure the base hit, you know I don't like holding runners when I'm half size because you just don't have a lot of Contracts to work with you know like what am I gonna do am I gonna trim two contracts here and take 60 bucks a profit like No man for me. I either have to go break even there and keep holding or do what I did and just trim there and take the win So in now if I had 10 micros, it's a completely different conversation Let's say I take this I have full size at 211, right? So I would have entered 10 micros here Okay, I would have trimmed about five micros here right, I Would have trimmed another three micros here And none of this is hindsight by the way because I was live streaming this whole trade again If you want to join us in the challenge. I said all of this before the trade even happened I set out my teepees so I was gonna trim five there three there And then I was going to probably trim the last two up there because that's our hourly swing high So if I had runners and I actually held I could have made Let's see we can get our calculator out for this So it's 18 points so that would have been in 10 times 18 so we would have made 180 on TP1 We would have made 6 times 44 so 440 and then up here 440 four times Yeah, so we would have made like six seven hundred dollars if we got full size Which sucks it is what it is it's ended up hitting all those teepees, but I'm cool with the base hit Just get back in the wind column again. We're gonna take a day at a time. Just treat every day individually And yeah, this thing ended up going like 70 points at its peak and it eventually came back down to break even so That was pretty much it complete night and day difference man in terms of volatility I mean yesterday we got stuck in a hundred point range If I go to out of replay mode, you could just see how volatile it is compared to today like look at this Look at how aggressive price is today. So just a complete night and day difference We're in a four hundred point range and again the bigger the range the the more it's going to help us because we're trying to catch These I FEG setup so that was the trade I took today took it live on stream That's day two of the challenge again if you want to join us the link is in the description It's still day two so it's very very early if you want to join us and we'll see you tomorrow tomorrow.