It's your boy tempo trades was going on guys Pretty boring day until the very end. I don't know what was going on here, but we got an insane Insane insane dump at the end of the session. It was looking really really bad all of this was just really poor chop inside of a 50-point range There was no trades in here whatsoever and then basically we started dumping with like 15 minutes left and We got we actually called out along here. So I was green from pre-market. We'll be going over that trade later Here's the thing we came down. We swept these overnight lows. Yes swept the London lows swept more liquidity You know, there was this hourly low right here And you just swept everything there is like a million liquidity sweeps on the sell side here So longs were a million percent valid. We just needed to wait for the first sign of a reversal Here was that sign right there. You had this trade The sucky part is it kind of whipped us out, but it is what it is So here's the trade you had the 30 second IFEG form that gap is about 10 points. So it's a good gap great momentum We're also delivering from a four-hour fair value gap right there as you could see so the only scary part like I said in my stream was It's just falling so fast. So, you know, there is a chance you catch a falling knife here, but It could be worth the attempt. It's definitely a valid funded play. I ended up taking this on eval because I was green You could see right here Here's my executions and I took that it went for about 30 points. Unfortunately This leg this little wick right here stopped everyone out and then it went up another 20 points. So that sucks, but Considering the morning that we had I mean you should take 20 30 points here where the evals I took you could see 3,000 3,000 2900 so three evals I think I need like 70 bucks on this actually but three evals right there Taken on that trade and it was a quick one, but it worked. So that was really the only trade That I liked in the in the In the AM and that just goes to show you patience pays, you know patience pays if you sat there for 90 minutes And didn't take a trade and stayed patient for a quality look that was a easy 20 30 points right there You could have scalped your profits, you know, some people in the discord did do that. You got pharaoh trader I mean look at kilo 800 times. I don't even know how much Alex caught that as well So some people did end up catching that but you got to be fast You got to stay sharp if you if you weren't paying attention You probably missed that one and yeah Next up is the trade that I ended up taking it was It was a short right here Right here, so I ended up taking this short right here I didn't hold it for the entire thing unfortunately, but I did end up taking this short right here I put my stop at the swing high and I scalped for about 25 points Why did I take this short? Well? ES was sweeping all time. You're just gonna have to take my word for it because I'm not zooming out You know what fine guys? I will zoom out the reason I don't like zooming out It's because it messes everything up on the lower time frame But like right here you get this sweep on ES you get this sweep So yeah, you see how it messes everything up. This is why I hate zooming out so Yeah, so you got two sweeps of all-time highs on ES and NQ you're and they're we're in premium of the range You're looking for that retracement back down I even said it here. I Said it right here. I said all-time highs are going to sweep for the millionth time You may be able to get a short off this level back into the range So decided to take the 30 second short off of that. I only caught about 25 points. I was a little bit of a chicken It's see here. It took one mini down to about two three nine So Here was my play right there It ended up going more but for for me today was a no news Tuesday I saw how bad the no news Monday was I don't want to mess around and get greedy like I still made 400 bucks per account on a 50k that is beautiful So I just shut it down there and I was done the entire session So those are really the only two good trades in the last two hours. You had a little short right there You had a little long right there other than that Very very bad price action right now But we're managing it we're managing it day by day. I think we may be close to a win streak one two three four five six seven Today's day number eight. So we've won eight days in a row now getting close to a 10-day win streak I don't want to jinx it or nothing but slowly but surely man We we may be able to get back on another win streak here. So those that's my trade recap If you have any questions about anything, let me know