What is going on guys tempo trades we're coming at you live with the trade recap today Today was amazing. I don't want to say it But I mean today could be the best trade of the month for all we know. This was absolutely crazy This is the most amount of money I have made in a single day in a really long time and I don't try to go for these huge PNL's Okay, there's traders out there. They don't care about Mechanical sound trading they do super high risk super high leverage and they just simply go for huge days Just for social media screenshots. That is not me. That's never been me. I just want to go in Execute my edge take my base hit. It's not sexy. It's not gonna get clicks on social media But it's going to put money in my account and that's all I care about right so today just happened to be one of those days Where the perfect storm lined up and we caught a huge trade This is across multiple multiple multiple accounts. So it's not just one account, but this is the trade right here We had our levels marked out with my indicator. We had the one hour swing low marked out We had the four hour swing low marked out. We were looking for shorts once this area got tapped now It's what I said on stream before Ideally you want both of these levels to get swept that is right But if the first level is gonna get tapped and price is gonna show you the appropriate reaction to the sweep and it's gonna give you that V shape Reversal you just have to take it you have to play the probabilities and you just have to take the setup I said it live on stream. I said look It's a little risky just because we didn't sweep both levels because sometimes what's going to happen is We're going to inverse this gap fake you out It's gonna actually go for the second level and then it's gonna make that reversal So you just have to accept that risk because again There's gonna be two options here right option one you take the first setup It fails you lose 15 or 20 points you take the second setup. It works 50 to 100 points the risk to reward you're still gonna be green or Option two is you just take this first setup it works and you're just green which is what happened today So you have to take this trade the confluences are way too good You cannot be scared and wait for both of these to sweep because sometimes that's not gonna happen So perfect reversal off of our key level. We got a nice 30-second IFE G here. We put the stop loss under the gap We trimmed here. I believe I trimmed it. I trimmed at 20 points. I trimmed there I also trimmed here and then my final trim I held one micro all the way up here and I showed that live on stream I'll pull it up I'll pull it up. So here is let's see Right here So you could see right here. I Was in with one micro when price was getting there and then I took it off So that was the final runner so a hundred points very very nice and easy. I mean amazing start to the month I hope and pray we get more days like this. We are on an eight-day win streak and I'm not taking another trade until tomorrow All right, last thing I just want to talk about again. These sales are ending tomorrow the black Friday's the cyber Mondays I don't think we're gonna get any good sales until Christmas after this So this is the last call apex ends tomorrow 80% off co-tempo ten dollar activation fee and then my fun of futures just dropped this today 30% off With their pro accounts and then one in ten random purchasers will get a free account So with code tempo, all right you use my code. I love you and You're scientifically proven to pass more accounts if you use my code. So that is all I got for you today - All right.