What is up guys? We are doing a trade recap. If you're watching this video, I'm currently still waiting for this short potentially, but anyway there's really only two setups here to talk about today. We didn't get anything on gold. Gold didn't sweep anything. The only two setups to really mention are... let me just set an alert here. Hold on. Okay. The only setups to really mention are this long down here, and then the short I'll talk about after. But so basically this long down here, it did rip for a ton of points. We went over the confluences on stream. Doesn't really have a ton of confluences. The main one is that it's rejecting this hourly fair value gap right here, which would put it in the B category because there's no sweep. I did call it out on stream before it even happened, but again I did say it was a B setup. So if you wanted to take that, for me it's just at the time it wasn't worth for me to take. Price was still super internal. You could see here we didn't sweep any liquidity, and we were in a pretty decent range. We had this hourly high up here. We had this hourly low down here, so I was like, "There's no reason for me to take this. I'll just wait for something to sweep and take a setup there." So this did end up ripping. And then the only other trade to talk about would be... where is it? Where is it? Is it this? Hold on. Let me look at my notes. Hold on. Oh, it was on the two minute. Yeah, the only other trade to talk about would be... was it this one? I'm looking at my notes because I set up two gaps here, but I don't see two gaps. It was the one minute. Okay. Yeah, so this is the second setup. This one I just went half size, and I chose not to go break even just because I'm in half size and it's just too tight. I think my fill was 635. So yeah, I did see 20 points, but again I'm not gonna trim. It's half size. When I'm in with half size, I'm gonna hold for a bigger target. But you could have went break even there. You could see we do hit the lower gap and then it bounces off. So that was literally it. Other than that, price is just consolidating after that huge move. We expanded to the upside off of a B setup, and we've consolidated ever since then. So it's obviously frustrating, but again, I got to stick to the checklist. That's what has gotten us all of these payouts, and that's just not a good trade objectively versus like an A setup that I could have waited for. So yeah, I'm just looking at the chart right here. That is gonna be it. I'm gonna stay on stream for a little bit longer in case we get this short. You may ask, "Why am I looking at this short?" Well, if you go to the hourly, we are currently rejecting this, or hopefully rejecting this hourly gap, and we swept liquidity down here. So that's why I was just looking for a short up here. But we're just consolidating right now.