What is going on guys, Temple trades, I don't even know where to begin today was an absolute battle man. I think we had two wins two losses. We ended the day green. Today was an absolute battle. My goodness. My goodness. So to be positive. Again, this price action is beautiful. It's very, very good. We've had the most volatility in the markets we've seen probably since April. And that makes for some very great trading conditions. Sometimes, you know, it could be too volatile. But again, like just two weeks ago, it was impossible to catch anything more than 20 points. And now every trade, it seems like it's going for 100. So I'd much rather trade these conditions than all time highs. But we went two for two today. I'll go over the trades. I'm going to try to go over them relatively quickly just because I don't want to sit here with you guys for like 30 minutes. But let's just go for them really quickly. So the first trade. 953 on. I took two long attempts. Okay, so here was the first trade. The first trade was on leave the 30 seconds. Sorry guys bear with me. Okay. Okay. I don't even remember chat. I'm going to be real with you. I think this was the first trade. I think this was the first trade and I think I just took a super small gap. Okay, so I think this was the first trade I went long. This was off of the dump off the am we came down. We swept hourly liquidity. There's an hourly low right there. We're also in discount of the range. We're also tapping into the new week opening gap. So it's a very, very textbook long attempt for me. I was bullish bias. Okay, so that's why I wanted longs right there. Okay, so I ended up going long here. Now again, it wasn't the best gap in the world because prices so volatile in normal conditions. This is an eight point gap. That's going to be fine. 8 to 15 is my normal gap size, but these are not normal conditions. Tailors sold all those Take and that was my fault and I pay the price for it. So I my first trade ended up being a loss. You could see, I got all right there now. I ended up getting back in. Where did I ended up getting back in? Again, I ended up getting services costs discount. I ended up getting back in right there half size. Bear with me, chat. It's been a while. Let me see. I ended up getting back in half size somewhere. Right there. Oh, okay. Okay. I remember it's coming back to me. It's coming back to me. Okay. So after that 30 second loss, the first trade, I was like, all right, chat, we're going to have to get a bigger gap here. So I ended up going on the 30 second and I combined this gap. And then which gap was it? Hold on. Hold the phone. Hold the phone. It was the one minute. Okay. So it was the two red gaps. I ended up just combining these two red gaps right here. So, okay. So basically I took the first 30 second loss. It was because the gap was too small. I ended up taking a second trade, which is a half size trade. I ended up chasing on this candle right here and I got faked out and I got faked out right there for a half loss. Boom. Now I'm down 1.5 R. Now I end up going half size again right here on this long. You could see it. In the stream, I called it out, but right here I just said longs are valid. In the stream, I did say I'm going long if you want to go watch it, but I ended up going half size again right here. And I took this play for 50 points and I took out everything. Now this was kind of like a fumble on my part. Why did I do this? At that point, number one, I went half size because the volatility was just spooking me. I was already down 1.5 R. Price was wicking around like crazy. It was chaotic. So I ended up going half size. Right. Number two, why did I get out full at 50 points? Well, really, it was just because I didn't want, I wanted to go back to break even and I didn't want to hold runners. When I have half size, it's usually four or five micros, maybe sometimes six. I don't like trimming three and holding two or whatever. It's too little. If I had a full size, if I had eight, 10, 12 micros, I have some room to maneuver. Right. But when I have five, when I have four, I just try to find one TP area that I'm happy with and just take everything off. Okay. And for me, if I were to trim here, I would have been back to break even after those first two L's and that was okay with me. I wanted to take that versus risk holding it. Then it goes back to my entry and now I'm back down red again. You know, so I had made that decision in hindsight. It was a horrible decision. Guys, this trade ended up going 400 points. This to this trade to this day is now historically my best call out in the discord. Now again, call outs are different than trades. I didn't hold this for 400 points, but I 100% called it out. I said it was a good trade. I said I was taking it, etc, etc. But this was a 440 point trade from where I entered. And I got out early and, you know, I'm not perfect, man. I'm good. I'm very consistent. I make money, but I'm not perfect. So definitely fumbled on this one. So now at that point, I was break even. Okay. At that point, I was break even. I'm going to speed up a little bit here. I ended up taking one more trade right here off of the London sweep at 1120. That was a loss. So now I'm down one hour again. I went from zero to red to break even back to red. I'm like, damn, dude. Damn. So what do I do? I tell the chat. I'm only down one hour. I'm going to wait for one more set up. And what ends up happening at 1254. I tell the chat, I'm going to take this combined 30 second. Now the confluences for this trade, if you just go check ES, ES swept the Asia high. So this was off the Asia high sweep. I took the combined 30 second. I said I was in short. Here's 20 points. Here's 40 points. Here's 60 points. Back to green, man. And just like that, we're green. Today was a battle. I want you guys to read this. Please read this if you get a chance. But the moral of the story, it is not over just because your first trade is red. If you truly believe in your system, you can always fight back. Have a good one, guys. See you tomorrow.