What is going on guys tempo trades we if you're watching this video I'm down to one hour just $200 I'll show you the trade we took For the second day in a row price is just trending after the morning session so pretty much impossible unless you're blind longing or I guess taking like a fair value gap tap. Let me see I mean yeah, like unless you're blind longing or taking a fair value gap tap like something like this It's impossible to catch a trade in this. It's just Training at all-time highs were over 26,000 now. So Yeah, I'll go over the one setup we have gotten So here's the one trade go here They go here This trade was at about 11 hold on It's Trade was at about 11 Okay, so here's the trade right here So basically what this is is a 50% tap of the daily range You can see on NQ it doesn't look too good on the one minute or the two minute, but if you go to the three minute It looks much much better. You could see we wick that level and we're rejecting you could see on the five minute It looks really really good. We're also tapping a 15 minute gap So it looks good on those time frames decided to take it long here The plan was go long here Go break even here And then I was looking to go target with equal highs right here You could see my indicator marked it out. So I was looking at target those equal highs as like kind of my final TP That didn't end up working There was two setups I'm just gonna show you this one But like this one was break even then I got back in but it's it's the same trade idea So at a hard stop down here at this wick At a hard stop down there at that wick Yeah, I sat in this trade for like 20 minutes, I think just garbage consolidation. I told people I was like look We've been sitting here for an hour and a half. I'm okay with risking 200 bucks If you're not like you had so many chances to get out of it if you weren't comfortable doing so And yeah, just I sat in it. I sat in I sat in it and then finally it ended up Actually ended up in manipulating these lows because like look at this It ended up manipulating manipulating these lows here and then the next leg up. Look at that bang So crazy crazy crazy crazy, but it is what it is I did put out this message right here. I want to talk about it This is probably like the hardest trading conditions I've ever had to trade especially While I've been trading live and it sucks, you know, it sucks and it's not fun, but I said this earlier in the year like January February March April we were killing it We were on a 40-day win streak Winning pretty much every single day like like look let's go back here and let's go back to the trade recaps right 48 day win streak Look at this when when when when when when when when when break even when break even when When when when when like you get the point So I want to go back to this message because in this message. I said in the future Trading might get harder or even a losing streak may occur So it's important to live in the moment and understand what we're doing here And that's the thing like trading is just highs and lows and you can't get too high You can't get too low Some months are gonna be better than others and the fact of the matter is is like the market conditions are terrible They're absolutely terrible. I'm not gonna sugarcoat it We have all-time highs we have government shutdown which hasn't happened in seven years We have random we have random spike candles You could see here. I was actually looking to take this trade It was a New York Haya Day sweep and we randomly got tariff news I'll show you right here We randomly got tariff news that the US and China are negotiating and then we just started spiking all over the place and that's probably what's caused this uptrend so it's like We are dealing with like historically crazy conditions man, and there's no two ways around it so Basically the point I'm trying to make is the recent market like the recent month or whatever the case may be like if you're struggling It doesn't the last 10 months don't mean Like they don't get canceled out just because of what's been happening recently like the last 10 months I have been green every single month. I have made six figures and prop for him payouts I have helped a hundred people make payouts. We've gone on 40 day win streaks We've gone on 30 day win streaks multiple times, you know, so I'm frustrated just as you guys are frustrated But it's not the end of the world. I'm again. I'm only down 200. I just want to give it as a little PSA But I get it bro. I get it so I want you to take a second read this And again, it's like if a rough patch in the market is going to Shatter your conviction and your confidence like you probably just weren't cut out for this to begin with point blank period, you know I was trading by myself Like with no With no support system with no Anything and for like a year trading options and I was losing money and I found the willpower and the conviction to just keep going And knowing that it was going to get better and I was going to be profitable and this is no different You know, like we're at all-time highs and it's super frustrating how the market just trends like this But I'm just gonna have that same mindset and just say on to tomorrow on to the next day on to the next day It will get better. We're gonna look back at this and laugh because it will get better and that's that's like that's the whole Point of the video, you know, and the other thing is like it is frustrating The other thing is like it is frustrating for me in times like this because I could be a degenerate like some of these other Discord guys and some of these other traders out there and just abandoned the model and blind long and I could probably make a ton of money in this market But it's like that's not that's what I'm trying to teach here is you got to stick to the system You know because this sticking to the system is just gonna save you overall. Yes, it may make you money being a degenerate blind longing with no analysis in The last week or so, but if you do that for a longer period of time, you're just gonna do really poorly and blow your account So it's frustrating at the same time, you know, I'm trying I want to keep all of you guys Disciplining keep preaching the message Because it will pay off in the future so that's all I got that's all I got right now, it's like 230 I'm gonna still look at the charts, but if there are no other trades that means we probably just kept Longing oh the market just kept longing over and over ourselves