What is going on guys tempo trades we are back and as you can see the challenge account is finally back in the profits man We had a rough first day, but we have now climbed to three green days in a row and We only need two more days to get a payout now. I'm gonna talk about that a little bit later on in the video But yeah, I mean we've done very very well to bounce back And I think again like I said in last video, this is just a lesson, right a lot of people on that Tuesday when I was read They would have tilted been emotional blown their account even the next day They would have been greedy for setups trying to catch that loss. What did I do? I came into the markets? I'm like I have an edge. I have a defined system That I know has an 80 to 70% win-rate somewhere in that range on any given month, right? We we try the or we look at the checklist spreadsheet thing right here. I know that my model has an edge It's gonna win more than it's going to lose, right? So what did I do? I just stayed patient I treat every day individually just because you lose 500 Monday doesn't mean you need to make 500 Tuesday, right? We battled back little by little taking our wins and now the account is up almost $400 in profit, okay? So that's what it's all about Now before we get into the trade I don't know what I'm going to do here because we're three days in we only need two more Days of $200 or more. I believe to request the payout and at this point where the balance is out it Balances at it's going to be a small payout unless the next two winning days are huge, right? So we'll see What I do there again my intention for this challenge was never to be to make $10,000, right? It's my first challenge my my intentions were just to get a payout, right from a to z in under 21 trading days You know, I will do challenges in the future where it's like, okay Now let's copy five accounts at once and try to go for a five-figure payout Or now let's do a personal account and try to double it, you know 10 to 20 grand or something like that But this is the first challenge I've ever done. I'm not gonna go crazy. I never said that. I'm just trying to get a payout So depending on how the next two days go we may be able to request the payout But I'll monitor that right so Here was the trade. Anyways, we got CPI at 8 30 this morning you could see on forex factory. We got CPI red folder news created this ginormous DataWick this was like a hundred and fifty points hundred and eighty point dataWick, right? So now what do we do? Okay? You wait for one side to sweep and then you target the other side so you could see right here at the top that wick swept Now we are doing bearish bias because we're expecting price to eventually come down and take out that data low right there Okay, another thing prices back at all-time highs. It's very crazy. I know But it is what it is. We just have to make do with what we have so Prices back at all-time highs and right now in current time. It's just consolidating up at all-time highs But essentially because of that sweep earlier in the pre-market. I was bearish bias most of the morning I just wanted price to move lower go for that data low. We also have London low here Asia low So there was just a ton of targets And that's set up. I ended up taking was a two-minute short right here Right here. So here is the two-minute short Okay, so here's the two-minute short so I will show the discord callout as well Okay, so here's the two-minute short Why did I take the trade? Well a few things we had a bearish SMT at the top You could see that NQ swept this high and then ES never swept the data high So there was bearish divergence at the top of the range, right in addition to that NQ swept So there's your major liquidity sweep and then we're pretty much just shorting back down You know, we're in premium. We're shorting back down to the middle of the range, but more importantly We have so many good draws on liquidity down here that you know being bearish bias It's just pretty obvious for me. So You can see here the discord I called it out very very clearly Let's find it Okay, so I said right here waiting for this two-minute IFBG short Then I said I was in short and then I said I was trimming right there So and there is the whole screenshot. So very very clear call out. It happened fast I mean it happened fast We waited about an hour and a half two hours just to get this move And within less than five minutes, we got this crazy dump candle Now I do want to say something else here If you're if you've been in the discord or you've been in the streams for a long time You know this if you're a little bit newer, maybe you don't know this But you need to be trimming if price gets within a point or two of your tp, you know That's just a big thing. We we like to trim at swing lows. We like to trim at swing highs But there's been a ton of times where I'll have a swing low Price will kind of stall right next to that area a couple ticks away and then it'll bounce so I don't set limit orders when I'm trimming. I'm marketing in marketing out when I'm getting in trades I'm marketing in marketing out. So if I see something like that price just Dumps 40 points out of nowhere and it goes. I don't even know this was like how many points It went one point from our tp, you know damn well. I'm taking that tp, right? So I saw like one or two people miss this trim There's no way you should be missing this trim in addition to that We normally take profits around like 20 25 points. We didn't even do that. I held I had seven contracts here I trimmed six At that dump, right? And my plan I said it in the in the video. It's post on my instagram The plan was to hold runners to down here the data lows So I trimmed very very heavily there just because I saw how fast it was dumping but again just for the future If you see price one or two points from your target and installing or whatever the case may be just take the money It's not worth it. So that was pretty much it. I mean that was pretty much it That's the only trade I took there was one other setup that was pretty good That I kind of regret not taking. Um, it was this long right here. There's a 30 second long that cooked Um, it was right here. It was right here. So you could see there's more Bullish divergence. You could see that nq comes down sweeps this level creating an smt And if you go right if you go on the right hand side of the screen Yes does not sweep that same low. So there's bullish divergence right there So that was kind of off open another reason why I didn't really take it But it was two minutes after the open But if you were to take this 30 second i feg off of that smt right there I mean it cooked for 60 points, you know 70 points So those are really the two best setups today I didn't really see anything else that I liked again if we go to the replay tool and we just look at present day Now price is just chopping at all time highs. Um, so yeah, very very happy with how we performed Here is a look at the overall week, man. Here's a look at the overall week. So three day win streak Let's keep it going two more days