What is going on guys tempo trades we have another day on the challenge account if you're watching this I Absolutely fumbled man. I absolutely fumbled We're not we're read about a hundred bucks right now, but let me show you what happened We should have been green and we should have been one and done for the day But you know sometimes you have like execution errors and that's just another part of the game so I Want to show you what went on here here was a liquidity sweep you could see that we actually came up We swept to these pre-market highs which is also all-time highs So that was a major sweep So I called out this one minute setup right here to the discord and this was for about 30 points, right now I initially intended to go about this is my sizing chart. I initially intended to go about six micros I only got in with four because of how fast it was moving and because of that This is what happened. I mean, I'll just show you so I was in with four micros. I was going for the $200 base hit At the recording of this video. I didn't even remember that top step actually changed it for years $200 was what a base hit or I guess what a winning day was qualified as And they actually recently in the last couple months. They changed it to 150. So Here's the situation, right? I was holding for this low for a $200 day Now if I had six micros, which is what I originally wanted to do It would have just been a win right because the 200 would have already been hit because I had four that didn't hit I missed it by two points And to top it all off I could have actually taken the money Down here because it would have been like 180 or something because that was over a hundred fifty dollars. So I hope you can see It was a blunder it was a blunder but again, no matter how much you make I've been green the last 14 months I've made a payout every single month for the past year No matter how much you'd make or how well you do like you're human and you're prone to these mistakes And the best you can do is just not let it really get to you. You know, I just said it's on the next trade It is what it is and That's all you can do now the next trade was a loss but the trade after that was a win. So I'll show you so here was Here was the next trade Now, why did I take this setup? This setup is just off of a 50% tap on ES Which is a huge support and resistance level now again, I clearly said in the stream I was like look this is a little risky because we have London low down here, which is this red line This red line is London low So I said it's a little risky because price could still fake us out and go for this London low But at the same time the 50% tap is such a good level to take Bounces off of and the momentum is amazing. I mean you could see the strength of these three green candles So yeah, I was like, you know what? Let's do it and that setup didn't work now The funny part is we actually just got stuck in some consolidation because after these two manipulation legs price did end up expanding to the upside right there. So We had the right move. We just got hit with consolidation. So now we're in the red. Okay Now here's where we come back to basically break even here is trade number three. We have London high up here Okay, we have London high up here in premium of the range that is a major liquidity sweep So we know price sweeps that liquidity. It should want to reverse back down I don't remember what time frame I took this on maybe the 30 second Let me let me take a look here Yeah, I took it on the 30 second. So here is the setup you could see I called it out very clearly I said I was in short and then this hit eight points in profit So this is a textbook just overnight sweep reversal again It was a little risky because we were at all-time highs. So if price did want to trend This wouldn't have been too fun, but Here it is and and we get the sell-off boom we get the sell-off now the second blunder I made and again I've been I've been live trading for 12 months every day in the discord. I have never missed two trims in One day before and this is it. So here's the second trim. I missed right My second TP was right here once price hit the yellow line because again, what do we talk about? That's the 50% tap. So my second trim was right there at that yellow line We missed it by I think three ticks and price reversed all the way back to break even so Absolutely crazy scenes man. Absolutely crazy scenes It is what it is it is what it is current time. We're recording it is about 1130. So if you don't see any more If you don't see any more, I guess trades that is what we're working with here. I'll show you Here's where the account is sitting at after like five or six days. We're still in the green But yeah, definitely I made a lot of blunders today and that's not normal for me But to only be down about a hundred bucks like I am completely okay with that We also are expecting more volatility going into this week because of earnings Amazon Apple Coinbase Google Microsoft Meta these earnings are going to inject a ton of volatility into the markets So it should be it should have a lot better moves the rest of the week So if you didn't see anything else the end of this video, that's how I'm ending if you did see it You'll see it after this clip, but that's kind of where I'm sitting right now man around like I'm down like point three point four Are it's literally nothing just got to wait for the next opportunity here