What is going on guys tempo trades there was a ton of trades today I think we did three wins one loss But the biggest trade of them all was this humongous 100. No, it was actually like 200 points I ended up taking a hundred but Let's just go over all the trades I just have the VOD pulled up because there were so many so I just want to look back and show you like play by play Here was the first setup this I took 30 points here the crazy part is I Got wicked out after 30 points and this ended up going like 200 the market volatility has been absolutely crazy And that could be a blessing in a curse, you know if you're able to navigate it well and catch a good trade like There's a ton of money. There's a ton of opportunity to make money in this market right now and Some people are saying earnings some people are saying government shutdown But regardless I can't remember the last time we've had 300-point ranges multiple days in a row without any news. It's it's been pretty crazy. It's been pretty crazy. So The reason I took this trade it's a 50% tap with a really good momentum The only risky thing obviously is you're taking it right at open so there was There was my trade instead of TPing there when it went up the second time. I actually trimmed Right there on that second wick. So it then wicked me out break even and look how much it went up crazy crazy, so Yeah, that was trade number one I believe this was trade number two This was trade number two on gold. This was just a break even trade We swept this level right here this white line, which was an hourly high just went for the classic reversal And that was a break even trade right there Next up we have There's the previous day high sweep right there Yeah, okay, so here was the first loss And again like it just goes back to show the discipline and the persistence and the conviction in The model I knew I said it the whole stream I posted the stream So if you want to go look you can actually go watch and hear me say it in real time the streams right here I said guys, I know We're going to reverse from this area like this is a huge place to reverse We were 300 points in premium. We were tapping a one-hour fair value gap We swept previous day high, which is a big buy side liquidity level Even if it takes one or two three attempts to get the move the risk reward is so good that it's worth it So the first attempt was not successful previous day high swept I went for this one minute short That was not successful. I then told them I'm like I'm gonna get back in on the two-minute short Got back in short right there This ended up being a break-even trade because once we tapped that level I went break even look at the chop in the consolidation up here The final short was the one that finally worked and that was the big play of the day It was not this one Which was a winner It was this one so here was the big play of the day, okay? I kept saying over and over again guys. I have conviction I have conviction the shorts are going to work Especially when you see on the right you could see how ES is reacting to these levels You know ES swept these four hour and one hour level on the right and immediately reverse That is a clear indication that we are changing the trend So I told them I was like look you can take this two-minute short I took the two-minute short and This was an absolute monster Absolute monster here Even right here Even right here you could see How that short played out so absolutely monster trade just a ton of trades today I ended up green But it did take a couple attempts and some break evens in there to finally catch that move But we did catch it so we are green we're moving on to tomorrow if you have any questions Let me know and the volatility is crazy stay safe out there