Alright, what is going on guys? Temple trades, this was our best trade of the week. This was long overdue, long long overdue. We caught a 100 point long on the NASDAQ. Called this out live, we'll show you the callouts. But here it is, here was the trade. So a couple things going into it. So I was bullish bias going into this morning just because of how much we dumped yesterday. We've actually had a mini, I guess, correction or pullback. We're again a thousand points away from all-time highs within a short period of time. So just knowing that, I felt like we were due for a bounce. We're also in discount of the range as you can see. And here really was the setup point blank period. Reswept, New York AM low right here. You can see we reswept New York AM low on both NQ and ES. On top of that, the big thing to look for, ES bounced off of this four hour BPR right here. What is a BPR? A BPR is just, it's called a balance price range. It's literally just a bullish and bearish gap overlapping each other. So here's the bullish gap. Here's the bearish gap. It's just a fair value gap on steroids. That's all you need to know. So ES, not only did we resweep the lows on both, but ES was also tapping this strong high timeframe imbalance. So the likelihood that price reverses from this area is just increased even further. So after that, I was just like, look, I'll try this long. We're also deep in discount. We should be looking for longs anyway. I went long here. Boom. Wait, I'm on the wrong ticker. Hold on. Boom. So I went long there. I ended up taking three trims here. I'll show you my executions. Here you go. I ended up taking three trims. So I took one trim here, one trim here, and then one trim at the data high. I believe one trim was here. Another trim should have been here. And then the final trim was right here. This was the data high, by the way, because you could see this was 10 a.m. And if you go to Forex Factory, we had consumer sentiment at 10 a.m. So this created a sneaky data candle of 70 points. So that was my final target, that data high. I trimmed my entire position at that data high. And the craziest part with hindsight, that was actually a really good area to trim because you could see price ends up going back to my entry if I didn't trim full there. So we caught max profit on that trade. Really, really happy. Best trade of the week. And yeah, that's really all I got. Gold didn't really do too much today. I took this gold long right here off of the Asia low sweep, but I went break even when we tapped the 50. So other than that, that's it. We're going to go enjoy our weekend now. If you have any questions about any of these trades, let me know. But we are sitting nice and pretty in profits at the moment. We're reporting live from Korea. Korea.