What is going on? It's your boy tempo trades coming at you. No trades on the funded one trade on the eval which was a beautiful win. We caught the best move of the day. I just decided to take it on eval. I'll explain why this is currently a 65 point trade if you took it. And yeah, that's about it. So yeah, I mean really bad price action the last two days for MenQ. I don't know what it's doing, but hopefully we get better stuff next week. Essentially here, I wasn't interested in anything. We kind of opened really small range 63 points again just to reiterate anything under 100 points is bad price action. Okay, just keep that in mind. So 63 points is horrendous, very tight range, going to be very hard to make money in this. And I didn't like anything. I didn't like anything. We waited for 10am news potentially to give us a data candle, which was double red folder. That didn't happen either. You'd see at 10am we got that super small wick. I mean this is only 27 points so I can't use that. And then basically we got this. So this was the best trade of the day. And the funny thing is it was a B setup. It wasn't even an A setup. Essentially all this was is a draw on liquidity play with really good momentum. You could see here we reject this lower gap, which is a two minute bullish fair value gap. And then we inverse this higher gap, which is a bearish two minute fair value gap. And then we're pretty much targeting all time highs, which is our draw on liquidity. So I decided not to take it unfunded. I explained why. I was just like, look, I think it's a good play. It's a B plus. I don't like this price action. At the time you were entering this trade, we were still inside of a 63 point range. So because of that, I was like, look, I just requested a payout yesterday with Bull Knox. There's nothing for me that I want to take this trade. It's not screaming at me. So I'm like, look, I'm going to take it on eval. You could take it on whatever you want. The positives again, B shape momentum, great momentum, good draw on liquidity. And it's delivering from another gap on the lower timeframe, not the higher timeframe, which is important. So yeah, decided to give it B plus and it worked very, very well. There is your TP hit. And then if we go to current price, it has trended all the way up for 65 points. So this definitely was the trade of the day. You know, we are in a 114 point range now to end the morning and we caught over half of that in this trade. So just think about that. I mean, we did great. We did absolutely amazing. We caught over 50% of the entire New York range in our trade. So yeah, it is what it is. I'm going to review my trades, going to journal my trades and just move on to next week. That's pretty much it. I hope we get some more volume. And I think that the simple fact that because we're at all time highs this whole week, it feels like price was just consolidating, being very weird. But man, we need some more volume in these markets for sure. So all right, see you next week. If you have any questions, let me know. Peace. 