What is going on guys? Simbo trades. If you're watching this video, I didn't take a trade today and you know what's crazy. I've looked at my stats in the trade recap and I have not taken a trade three Mondays in a row. So we were actually talking and Monday just might be the worst day of the week for price action. It's not like I'm not trying to take a trade. There was multiple times this session where we came up, for example, and we hit this hourly high right here. And I was like, yo, if we reverse at this area, I will 100% take a trade. And it looks like we had a chance, right? I had this marked out right here. My trading view froze. I had this marked out right here. Okay, I had this one minute. I was like, I'm going to take this. We're in premium. We got a sweep. This looks fantastic. I was going to take this short. But we didn't reverse and we just kept pumping. So yeah, for whatever reason, I mean Mondays are just really, really bad. They are probably the worst of the week for price action. Three Mondays in a row. I didn't take a trade. And then the other Monday at before that I took a winner. So yeah, I don't know. I mean, there were just no good setups today. I took some eval trades for fun. But those don't count for stats or they're not really serious. But there was nothing I was really willing to risk real money on. So the good news is every single week, we have just done very well on all the other days. I mean, yes, last week, we didn't take a trade Monday, winter Tuesday, winter Wednesday, two winners Friday. So I mean, if we're going to just keep doing well on the other days, it doesn't really matter what happens on Monday. So yeah, I'm break even. That's pretty much all I got price opened, just pumped just kept pumping never reversed and then when it looks like it wanted to reverse we just got straight consolidation up here so that is pretty much the morning. All right, use code tempo. If you're buying a prop firm account, I appreciate it. Bull knocks. My fun of futures apex use code tempo. Love you guys. See you tomorrow.