What is going on guys? Temple trades. We're coming at you with two wins, one loss. We are green today. And I actually was trying something new, man. I was showing my live position on the screen. Trying to help some of the members understand my position sizing and what I'm at and stuff. So I caught this long. You could see me literally in the trade right here. Actually, you know, it's so funny. I trimmed my entire position. You see I'm up 67 points right here. I trimmed it live. And to this moment right now, it has not hit that high. So I actually top ticked so far. So that's funny. But, yeah, real quick, I just before we get into the trades, I just want to talk about this that I dropped yesterday. This is completely separate from my premium group. This is a more personalized thing that I'm doing. And this is just for serious people who are really, really kind of trying to get into the trade. Just for serious people who are really, really committed to getting their first payout. Limited spots. We've already filled up a couple. So when it's over, it's over. But this is a program that me and my managers have kind of worked on for the past six months. And we will get you from zero to a payout. That is like our guarantee. We will not stop working with you until you get your first payout. So we have a whole system in place. We're going to be doing one-on-one calls, group coaching calls, looking at your journal every week, tweaking things that we need to do to make sure you can get your first payout. So if you are interested, you can click the link in the announcements channel and see if you qualify. And someone from my team will reach out to you. So, let's get into the trades. I like the range a lot today. I like this range a lot. And the reason I like the range a lot is because we had so many people who were interested in trading. And I think that's a great thing. We had so many defined areas. We had Asia High, Asia Low, London Low. It was very black and white. All you needed to do was just wait for something to sweep. So, unfortunately, the first trade was a loss. I got cooked here. And basically, ES swept London, NQ swept Asia. Shorts are valid. I was looking to take I was looking to take a short here from the 50% level and then go target the London Low. Kind of an aggressive entry. I ended up chasing half size on the 2-minute. Had insane momentum. And unfortunately, we just didn't close under. And I ended up taking a half loss. Not a big deal. Yeah, but then the next two trades were winners. So that was a loss. Then we had the reentry, which was a win, caught this one, decided to chase again. Again, I feel like a lot of people here would be very hesitant on chasing a second time. Because it was a half loss and I have good risk management, I was okay with just trying it another time, especially with this kind of momentum. So, second time's a charm. Got in on this candle, caught about 20 points. I missed the second trim because I was actually holding for the London Low, which sucks. But we caught one trim there. And then we ended up catching the long that I showed you for 67 points. In hindsight, the two-minute was better. I just didn't see the two-minute at the time, but we still caught the long. But you can see this two-minute V-shape is really, really good. I like this a lot. But I took the one-minute. So here was my situation. Initially, I did not take the one-minute. I was telling my chat, I'm like, look, I just took a win. I got some of my red back from the first trade. I kind of want to stick to liquidity sweeps. But we always know that things change mid-trade and things make the trade better or worse, right? So what happened here was we kind of bounced off the 50 on the two-minute and the three-minute. It's not the greatest tap in the world because on the one-minute, you can see that multiple candles close underneath the level, showing me that price isn't really respecting it. But we got really good momentum off of it. So this is about like a BB plus. But what happened was once I saw the one-minute order block form, I told my chat, I posted the live stream. I said, guys, holy crap, if we form a one-minute order block here, I'm taking this. What happened? We formed the one-minute order block. I took it on this candle here. My fill was let's see. My fill was 4.7.8. Stop was going to be at that swing low. And I'm pretty much just targeting these highs. I got 20 points almost instantly. And then after a lot of consolidation, we finally hit those highs. And then I was down to the two micros that you saw before. And I pretty much told my chat, my final TP is going to be whenever ES sweeps those Asia highs. But it got so close. I just took the money right there at 67 points. And you can see me in the trade here. So that was it. That is pretty much it. Unfortunately, today required a lot of chasing men. And I know it's tough for beginners. If you don't want to put chasing into your strategy at the start, I completely get it. But it's just like the nature of the beast, man. I mean, when you, like some, like, if you were to take, listen, if you were to take this trade off of the initial inversion, there was no chase, right? You could have entered on that candle right there. You could have gone, stopped out, and you could have held the entire thing. But sometimes Precious is very aggressive for whatever reason that day, and it requires some, you know, adjusted tactics. And you could still make money. I mean, I did it right here. You could still make money. It's going to take a lot of trial and error to see your strengths and your weaknesses with it. But just something that it is what it is. So yeah, today just did require a lot of chasing the candles are super, super aggressive, but that is it. That is the trading for me today. And I will be doing a class for the premium members at 2pm. So see you then.