What is going on guys it's ya boy tempo trades we're ending the day want to know once again Took one trade and I don't know what the hell is going on, but four days in a row My first trade was green But it was small because it was only one TP and then I went right back to break even and that happened four days in a row So it is what it is. I'm just gonna get out of this week be like, you know what? I'm green it could be worse Next week could be different because every single week's different, right? We just need to react to what the market is giving us I said this to my premium members earlier, but just last week on what July 31st I hit a hundred point trade so You know just not too long ago It was going crazy and now the market shifted a little bit and now we're just getting base hits and it is what it is I'm not gonna force things because that's how you're gonna blow your accounts and get humbled really quickly So I'm just gonna keep taking my model keep taking my setup whether it gives me 20 points whether it gives me a hundred I just keep playing the probabilities and I'm gonna be green at the at the end of every month. So that's pretty much it What was I looking for here? I basically alerted. I was like hey We're in a small range our two levels are gonna be the Asia high and then previous day high, right? So here was previous day high We did not react to Asia high whatsoever. So I was like, okay, price isn't gonna react to Asia high. That's fine We'll get closer to Closer and premium. We'll just wait for this to sweep Which is previous day high And that's what we did right so the market just kind of trended off open up upward and then hit previous day high right there And that's where we looked for our short. Okay, so here was our play I kind of like this play. I definitely kind of like this play. I want to look at this here We go. So here was the short we had this 30 second if e g right here off of the previous day high sweep And then we're just targeting, you know, we had equal lows. So you could see in this screenshot I said previous day high swept looking for shorts and this was the this was the gap I decided to take man. So we took a 30 second if e g right here About a 13 point stop loss and really the main TP was these equal lows. I even said this on stream I was like look, you know, whether this goes for 20 points or 100 points I still think we have a really good shot of hitting these equal lows because this is a strong drawn liquidity So at the very least we're coming away here with a base hit and that's exactly what happened So you could see here We formed the 30 second order block right there. We also close under the gap. So that is where I took the long And then we kind of just played this thing down right there. So there was TP and Then in total this went for about 20 points. I mean that is 20 points. So it is over a one wrist reward It's a one to one and a half Wrist reward if you play it like that, but my TP two was down here And that never hit it just went back to break even so again Just a base hit just a base hit for today and it is what it is You got to take what the market gives you you know what I mean? People still made a lot of profits more than me today I guess people just went heavy on this because kilo made 700 Harrison made 450 Leon art this has to be an eval Leonardo made 1500 They're still making good gains. So I guess it is what it is. This is kind of what I was expecting a hundred and thirteen dollars Just a small base hit I made a little bit under Under or over that a little bit over that but yeah 136, you know 275 So it just ranges some people made a lot some people made a little but all in all you just want to take your money and the week I think next week will be better. I was talking to the chat earlier We have CPI on Tuesday that should just inject a ton of volatility back into the market And hopefully we can start seeing these expansion moves where TP's one two and three get hit So yeah, it is what it is Hopefully you enjoyed and you know if you have any questions or you need anything else just reach out to me men We're ending green this week can't really complain another day in paradise. Peace out Bye.