What is going on guys tempo trades we have low key been cooking in the livestream ladies and gentlemen really really good day today So we expected this 830 data candle I said it yesterday and for CPI and that is exactly what we got one of the biggest data candles I've seen in a while. I feel like the data candles in general just have been really small So to see a 100 point data candle today pretty much was really really nice And we actually ended up doing the eval method and we passed our eval or half of the eval on top step So yeah, that was nice and easy. Most of the people in the chat seem to have passed as well And then we were just looking for a funded trade right so obviously you could see here When the top sweeps we are looking for a short back down to the bottom. Here's your data low Something to think about is in my experience the data sweeps or the drawn liquidity is not as strong when we don't have a wick You could see that the top wick is there but there's no bottom wick so that is just something to keep in mind in my experience That is lower probability but I still ended up taking it so here's the play On top of that we ended up getting a four hour liquidity sweep right here so there is the liquidity sweep And then I alerted it this short right here. I didn't like it a lot so I ended up going lighter size personally The reason I didn't like it too much is just because all time highs was right here And I felt like all time highs was going to be the draw on liquidity especially considering this humongous pump candle So I felt like we could be getting manipulated here and maybe price is going to fake us out and actually go for all time highs So I did take it. I went a little lighter size than normal but green is green because I ended up hitting two TPs and not one It was still a nice base hit for me. This went for about 40 points right there and then went break even. It actually went 50 points So there's 50 points just taking the IFEG off of the four hour sweep. Also I wanted to target this draw on the liquidity below with this data wick But we never ended up getting it so it is what it is but that's the only funded trade I took today. We were done before pretty much right at market open And yeah great day. We also took this little V shape down here on paper for Tiktok You can see right here this is a really really good momentum. Maybe one of you guys took this off stream but I really like this momentum I took it right to the 50% level and that was just a paper trade I took on stream but other than that nothing much And I will see you guys tomorrow for Wednesday if you are a free member double stream tomorrow. We're going to be streaming in the morning as always But then we'll be streaming in the PM for all members so hopefully you guys can make it guys can make it.