Alright, what is going on guys? Tempo trades. I didn't take any trades today or I did take one, we'll go over it. It was a break even setup. And yeah, so today was a no news Wednesday. I'm starting to approach these days. Why is that like out of... Is that better? Maybe a little better. I'm starting to approach these days with a little bit more caution. Notice that the no news days have really just been the worst days for price action and setups. You know, we had the no news Monday. Fortunately, we caught a trade and then we also caught a trade Tuesday. So we had a 50 point trade and a 90 point trade this week. So going into a no news Wednesday, I was being a little bit more cautious, trying to be a little bit more strict and selective with the setups that I want to take. And yeah, we just really didn't get anything this morning. And then moving into... Excuse me. This was the only setup I took. This was the only setup I took. I took it on stream. So basically we come down here, right? You can see how NQ comes down, sweeps London, you know, major sweep. We're in discount of the range. We want to be going higher. Good reactions because we swept the level and immediately started reversing. So good reactions, good momentum. We even put in this one minute order block here. So this is a textbook long for me. This is going to be a high probability setup for me. And yeah, it was just a break even trade. So basically I entered there. Okay, now initially here was my setup. Okay, there was my stop loss. Here's my TP stack. There was my TP, right? So there's my TP. It was going to be about 15 points in profit. Now I noticed that once I entered the trade, I started seeing really bad momentum. So we got this candle right there. Boom. Now this candle is a swing high created after the entry. And when that happens, that can be a valid break even point because you're expecting, once we sweep that, if we're in a buy model and price should be delivering fluidly, price should never come back to my entry once that hits. So I moved, I said, I told my whole chat, I was like, hey, I'm going to go break even when this high sweeps. We did end up sweeping that high. I went break even and then pretty much the next candle stopped me out break even. But the good news is this prevented me from taking a loss because if I just fast forward a couple more candles, the trade failed. So a lot of people, you know, you get frustrated and annoyed with the break even method because sometimes it wicks you out and then goes where you want it to go. But this is a perfect example. The break even method saved me from a loss today. And yeah, other than that, there was really nothing like there was really, really nothing. I ended up streaming PM session at two and just look at this garbage range. It's just it's so tight. It's not even 100 points. This range is 70 points. It's just up, down, up, down, up, down. There's no expansion here. This is just straight up consolidation inside of a range. Very low probability. I was waiting for this New York low day sweep to maybe take a long off of. We never got it. I ended up calling out two plays during the free PM stream today. The last play was the the shorts. The reason we took the shorts is because our ES was bouncing off of the 50% level and then NQ had the drawn liquidity down to the lows like I was telling you about. So I didn't take this personally, but I called it out in case anyone else did. I saw a couple of people in the streams took it. And this one went for about 40 points. And then the last play I called out was these this one minute long. This one went for about 20 points. And then miss the find it missed this TP, which is pretty unfortunate, but this is the TP I wanted to hit right to. I wanted to hit this TP right here, I believe. We ended up missing the TP, but price went up. Almost 25 points. So it is what it is. But those are the two plays again. I didn't like them enough to take them, but they were valid. And yeah, so now you know, preserve my capital avoided blowing my account up on a low probability day. We got PPI tomorrow, 830 should give us a data candle. I'm excited. Hopefully we can continue winning and I will see you tomorrow. Peace.