What is going on guys tempo trades another great day man yesterday we went like 4 for 4 I don't remember 5 for 5 on callouts today 3 for 3 not a single losing call out the entire week so far That's gonna change obviously. I'm not delusional. We're gonna lose eventually, but it's pretty cool. It's pretty cool I personally just took one trade as always one and oh, I'm done I don't get greedy even though I could have made more money want to know I'm gonna stick to my system So there was three trades today that I wanted to talk about We just got a clear bearish trend here The first trade I took was a 15 second long and I don't take 15 second trades often Probably once a month maybe twice a month, but this definitely called for it. I just had to you know, I just had to so This is this is the train Basically, it was a 15 second IFE G The reason was I'm when I swap timeframes it like completely messes up the I'll do it anyway Whatever, but yeah, so basically we swept out these lows. These were pre market lows hourly lows also Previous day low so major sell side liquidity there We also tapped a four hour fair value gap on and or yes right here so Longs were super valid from this area. We were also in discount of the range, right? We had a super huge sell-off off the open. We actually sold off a hundred points right here So I was like look, you know, I think price is gonna go for some sort of relief bounce here I want to try to take a long you can see there instant 100 point sell off and when you usually see a sell off that aggressive that fast you normally see at least a 30-point sort of you know come up even if price is gonna continue trending down you some you know People have to take profits cover their positions. You do see a little bit of a relief bounce So I was like hey guys, I really want to take along here But the problem was because we sold off so fast we created so many fair value gaps and either a nothing was singular or B Everything was just gigantic in terms of stop losses. So the best Possible thing that I saw was this 15 second And I'm like look chat probably gonna lower my risk on this one, but I think this is a really good trade And yeah, I ended up taking it. So here is the trade Right there wait right there So there's the trade I caught about 20 points took my trim and then it went right there And then it went stop loss break even after that. So caught my trim is what it is took my base hit and I was done for the day After that though, there was a couple other setups the next setup. I wanted to talk about was this three-minute long Basically what price did was NQ resweep the lows, right? ES did not forming bullish divergence with the SMT. I told my stream. This is another chance. We could get another leg up here And we're in discount of the range to all these other confluences I mentioned before really the main risk with this trade is the fact that it's not singular and I told my chat that I'm like Look, this is probably the only thing that's stopping this from winning So here was the trade and I took this on stream for educational purposes As you could see right here I took this one on stream It did chop around a little bit. So it was very nerve-wracking But we eventually caught the winner and that was for about 40 points I had one runner left for the 50% level kind of sucks. It didn't hit it, but it is what it is still a good trade and Then probably the best move of the day came after you could see in this area on the right ES is sweeping the Asia high So even though NQ is not the they are supposed to correlate with each other So if ES swept the Asia high and you're looking for that short and Q You can also look for the short because if ES is gonna go down you're expecting NQ to go down So what we had here if you drop down to the 32nd you had you had a play on both I mean you could have taken You know you could have taken this 32nd short on ES you could have taken the 32nd short on NQ They both worked once again. Why are you taking this trade because of this sweep, right? so Here was the trade and This one actually went Nuclear this was the best move of the day again. I called it out. I said it was valid I didn't personally take it, but this was the best trade of the day in terms of points This went absolutely nuclear. It took a while. I mean it looked like it was gonna fail You know you could see all of this chopping and kind of just gross whatever you want to call it But after a little bit, boom look at that. So 65 points some people actually did take it You could see here I can't find Malik, but we have Tron Tron took it on the fund is look like Michael took it as well. So Some people did take it in the streams and yeah in terms of just raw points. This was a monster. So Those are the three trades that called out today only took the first one on fundeds and that is pretty much it We are green so far no complaints from me really happy with how we're teaching and kind of maneuver in these days If you have any questions, feel free to DM me and we will see you boys and girls tomorrow 15-day win streak by the way