What is going on guys tempo trades today was an absolute battle man. I went from red to green to red back to green Absolute war. Let me show you what we were doing today. So I'm currently still in this trade. I'm holding runners This was up almost 50 points. I am holding runners. I'm aiming for this yellow line down here So we'll see if that hits but Today was a battle. So first of all we had PPI We had PPI at 830. So we're expecting a data candle now. Normally PPI is Smaller than CPI almost always today was the rare rare exception because you could see PPI Was 115 point data candle, which is massive So the the bottom swept instantly and now I told everybody, okay, we're looking for longs, right? This was the trade that I took my first trade was a loss. I Love this trade, you know again A lot of the time I follow my rules and I have no problems with my losses if I think it's a sloppy loss I would tell you I think I did have a little bit of a sloppy loss later on in the video that I'll talk about but this loss No problems with whatsoever, right? We have we have the data low sweep We have decent momentum. We formed the order block down there and this trade in particular has a really really good break even Okay slash TP. We're not trying to hit the data play instantly All we're trying to do is go and hit this 50% level and go break even at least and it just didn't happen and unfortunately Excuse me Unfortunately, if we fast forward we got manipulated because we call we guess the exact move that the market wanted to make We just got manipulated and mistimed it because you can see here This is where we got out and then right off open it rips all the way to our TP So we had the right read, you know, so if we want to take something positive out of it We had the exact read It just is what it is. Okay, the second trade that I took was the drawn liquidity play up into the data high that was Don't even know where that is. It's right here But that was right here. So again, I was telling my stream I would be absolutely shocked if this inverses and it does not hit the data high We have a few extra confluences here, too Number one Number one, you can see that NQ respects the fair value gap tap here This is important because this is showing me that we're respecting bullish order flow and price could be delivering to this draw So that's number one number two is we put in the bullish order block So that's a second confluence and then number three we get somewhat decent momentum through the gap It's the second test. So it's not like it's the first test, but Actually, this is the third test Because here's test number one. Here's test number two. This is test number three So it's a third test of the gap. We get good momentum. I chased on this one And we did get a rebounce so I can add and then yeah, we hit it So that was the second play that got me back to break even right now Then I was like, okay, we could look for shorts here data highs. It's a major sweep of liquidity I'm looking for shorts this for me. You could argue. It's a little bit sloppy We have the 32nd IFEG we have the one-minute IFEG The reason I like the 32nd more is because it's just bigger this 32nd Was seven points, I believe the woman it was smaller, right? Let me see Yeah, that's smaller Yeah, so it's five against seven so I wanted to take the 32nd off of the data high sweep and I did and It was like an immediate stopout and the the sucky part about this Was the one minute never closed. So if I would have used the one minute and gotten more confirmation I could have avoided that loss It is what it is. So we were back to red off of that immediately And then last but not least I tell my chat I'm like, okay, if we're not gonna reverse right away What that's telling me is ES wants to go for the data high Okay, because ES is fighting enqueue and ES wants to continue its bullish order flow Until it sweeps that liquidity. So what did I do? I waited once ES swept the data high. I Told my entire stream. I said, okay now we look for shorts and boy. Oh boy. Did we catch? The short Oh, here's the short you could see right off of the sweep for ES. We got a V shape This is a plus momentum V shape I FEG right there. I entered on this I FEG and We are currently still in this trade So and for me I went heavier on this trade and some people ask me like what do you determine goes heavier or lighter or whatever and it's just The quality of the setup, you know, the first trade I took was pre-market The second trade I took was not an a setup. It was a B drawn liquidity play The third was a small fair value gap. This was significantly better than every other trade I took It had the V shape momentum. It had the sweep. It had premium. We were delivering from a gap So I'm like, you know what I'm sizing up on this one and thank God I did because look at this 55 points of profit so That is all the trades I took today. They was an absolute battle And yeah, that's about it. So hopefully you enjoy this recap if you have any questions about these trades. Let me know and Yes, sir