What is going on guys tempo trades we're coming at you One and oh on the day a small green. I got whipped out tragically or else I would have caught maybe a little bit more, but let's go over what was happening. So basically We dumped off the open as you can see and I believe we swept that liquidity. Yep. We swept that level right there. Why is this significant? This is an hourly swing low, which is also the previous day low. I believe So this was the previous day low inside of a one-hour fair value gap So this would be a very high probability Setup if we could find a reversal out of this area targeting the 50% retracement. Okay, so What I did was I saw the two-minute the two-minute was singular looked good. We formed this two-minute order block down here Telling me that the trend could be changing and this was singular, you know, so I liked it and Something very very weird happened. So you'll see but basically at 10 a.m. We had Sumer sentiment and inflation expectations so double red folder news. We got a 30-point data wick now the negative is The data wick left perfect equal lows. Okay, which was weird The positive We got insane Momentum through the gap. So when you have that positive and you have that negative They kind of just cancel each other out and it still means this is a good trade for me because of all the other confluences I just said before so I felt I told my chat. I was like look I feel kind of iffy about this because There is a chance we could enter price manipulates us and goes for those equal lows and the data low but Because of all the other confluences and how the momentum cancels it out. I'm gonna take it. So that's what I said So I ended up taking it I Went long on the very next candle right there and Tragically I got wicked out after my first trim. Okay, you could see I believe my first trim. I Believe my first trim was like right there I tp'd right before yep right there. So I tp'd right there right before the the wick Or the right before the swing point and then I got stopped out break even on the very next candle right here and It tragically kept going up. It is what it is. I got a pretty bad fill on this one So this one went up 40 points total. I only caught about 20 There was some people in the stream who caught the full move But it is what it is and that's it and then I went back to break even so You could see this this 50% level, you know, I don't just have this on my chart for no reason This is a super strong support resistance and you could see Price hit it and it just had a really tough time holding over it and it rejected us back down. So Yeah, that's it. That was my Friday small little base hit Excuse me and we're gonna go enjoy our weekend. We had a great weekend or great week a lot of good trades yesterday a hundred points I believe Tuesday 50 points Monday 90 points. So we had a great week and that's all you can ask for Have a good one. Take it easy. Peace Peace.