What is going on guys, tempo trades. This is going to be a quick one. So I only took one trade on the funded today. Um, but it was a win. It was a small win, but it was a win. Basically we had this level marked out from pre market. You can see here 639 was an hourly high. And I showed that this is the ideal setup. We come up here sweep and then look for shorts, right? So I even say that again right here. So. Um, the one minute at 944 was valid for both and Q and ES. I decided that I liked ES a little bit more and we can discuss some of the reasons why. So number one is just that the I don't know why it's not popping up, but yeah, you can see it there. Um. So here's the play right 639 I'll mark out. So the one minute at 944 is our hourly sweep. So boom, right there's our hourly sweep. We're in premium of the range because you could see the 50% down there. So we're looking for shorts, right? So for me, it was really just determining whether you want to take two gaps here on and Q versus one singular gap. So I'm going to go ahead and go ahead and look at the two gaps. Um. But both of these setups were valid. If you wanted to take this one minute, I suggest you combine the two. Um, and yeah, they both worked. So here's the ES one. Here's the end Q one. I ended up chasing on ES. I got a pretty good fill right here of 6 or 408. You can see my fill right there. So I'm going to go ahead and look at the two gaps here. So I'm going to go ahead and look at the two gaps here. So I'm going to go ahead and look at the two gaps here. So I'm going to go ahead and look at the two gaps here. So I'm going to go ahead and look at the two gaps here. So I'm going to go ahead and look at the two gaps here. So I'm going to go ahead and look at the two gaps here. So I'm going to go ahead and look at the two gaps here. So I'm going to go ahead and look at the two gaps here. So I'm going to go ahead and look at the two gaps here. Obviously we play probabilities and we know that if our confluences present itself, we have a good probability of hitting the trade. But even the A+ setups of the world and the A setups they can fail too sometimes. So it's really important you just take that one trade, you get off, excuse me, maybe even go to another account, whatever you got to do. But if you were to take the in the streams recently, if you were to take that first set up and then keep trading, you're giving back your profits. So you've got to make sure you're protecting your profits, especially when the market isn't super, super easy. You know what I mean? So that was pretty much it. Like I said, other than that, for the rest of the session, I just took some Eval trades or tape read or just called out plays for my stream. But that was the only trade I took on the funded off of that again, off of that sweep. And yeah, then it was just a pretty much super, super slow, weird, wiki kind of grind lower. And that kind of brings us to where we are today in current price, just a kind of just a kind of a sell model today, to be honest. Just a really, really big sell model, but the delivery has not been cleaned today. So that was it took one trade, decided to shut it down. Thank God, because I think the second trade I called out would have been a loser. So just the name of the game, protect profits, get out the markets, take your base hit and move on to the next day.