What is going on guys tempo trades finally man we catch a winner on a Monday I can't believe it. It was looking grim because in the morning we had some pretty awful PA and then to top it off We also had Trump speaking for an hour. So I don't obviously you guys know lower probability when Trump and Powell are speaking But holy we finally found a trade. Let me just I'll just bring up my discord. So basically I wrote here Price kept respecting the 50 and is now moving higher. I will potentially look for shorts once we sweep these overnight highs You could see here. We came up. We swept Asia high. Yes came up swept these highs now. I'm looking for shorts, right? I Then say in the premium three minute or two minute. I effigy is my favorite up to you So here was the three minute the three minute was singular But the three minute didn't give you a good entry you would have had to chase on this candle right here So the two minute is the obvious play out of the two and I gambled the two minute now You could have combined this two minute. It would have given you better Protection but worse risk to reward. I just decided to gamble it. So I was only size for this lower two minute here And yeah, this this was a perfect entry good momentum I mean you could see here we have one two three four five six Red candles in a row. So really really good momentum Once we enter I entered right here break even right there at the swing low And I'm pretty much again just targeting the 50% retracement which did end up hitting. I am now down to runners Just in case we want to you know go for a home run day and hit low day or something like that But I am out a large majority of my position I'm still in the trade as we speak stop loss is set to break even And you can kind of just see my analysis here and yeah, you know a day like today I'm trimmed very heavily because a day like today. It's a no news Monday three weeks in a row I have not been able to find a quality setup on Monday. So I'm not expecting a 100 point trade right now 30 points is plenty And yeah, so here were all my kind of call outs and yeah, you know again It sucks it sucks that I can't take this on stream because I do stop at 11 It's not like I'm gonna sit on stream for the whole day But I was very very clear with what I was looking for so as long as you were at the charts And you had alerts set at the key levels like I tell you to do you know whenever you get off stream at 11 a.m You need to be setting trading view alerts at these key levels like this So as long as you did that and you saw my discord announcement This should have been very very easy to catch. You know, I say I will potentially look for shorts once we sweep I say the gap that I like I even say I'm in short right here. So there's no excuses This is very very nice and I'm glad we got a win. All right, so that is going to be it for me Tomorrow big big opportunity today was just a little little taste of what's to come for the rest of the week I'm very happy to be green on a no news Monday, but tomorrow a lot of opportunity with CPI Coming in in the morning. That will be very exciting again If you want to grab some prop firm accounts bull knocks my funded take profit whatever use code tempo We'll be doing the eval method tomorrow morning on stream live and yeah Hopefully you guys have a good rest of your day if you have any questions about this trade, please let me know Take it easy peace