All right, what is going on guys? Tebow trades. Listen, I need to just say something. We flawlessly flawlessly executed the price action today. And I don't say that lightly. It's not like I say that every single day, but we came in. We knew today was a no news Monday and that historically no news Mondays have been low volume, tight ranges. And we were five for five on callouts today in the stream. Not a single trade that I talked about failed. And I just want to preface by saying callouts are different than funded trades. Okay, because I called out five plays, but that doesn't mean I took every single one of them. Right. I only took two plays. One was a break even one was a funded play. I'll go over those. So I just want to make that very clear. It's not like I took five winners, but I did all out and say this is a valid setup and all five of those trades worked. So very happy with how we traded today. I like a static. So again, you could see here just at the end of the morning session, no news Monday. We got no expansion, you know, price price moved up, came back down to the range, moved down, came back down in the middle of the range, went up, came back into the range. There was no expansion moves. So the best course that you could have taken today was scalp 20 to 30 points. Take your base hit. Maybe leave a runner in case price does expand and just call it a green day and start your week. That's what we did. Here was my executions. I took some longs. You'll see that later. All right. Now let's talk about the first two trades. Here was the first two trades. So this was really a 50% tap. That was the main call out and the main reasoning why like this. Excuse me. I believe the first setup. Remember if this was the trade, let me see. I believe this was the trade. So here was the first setup. It was the 32nd off of the 50% tap. You could see on the two minute and the three minute and Q is respecting it really nicely. So you take this 32nd short. Again, I did not take this one, but I did call it out. This one worked for about 16 points and then went break even and then immediately after I told my stream, I'm like, hey, if you got stopped out break even there. Here is your second reentry. This is another trade. I believe I gave the first trade of B plus I gave this trade of B. I typically give re entries a lower rating. And then I was like, here's your second trade. Also, you could either two things. You could set your stop loss at this swing high or you want to use the combined gaps because this higher gap has never been disrespected. Right. So when you have two gaps or two imbalances on top of each other and it's not making your stop loss super big, you could extend your stop to give yourself more cushion because what you'll see here is that price ended up just barely inversing the first gap but still respect. The first this higher gap and then flushed down. This was your second trade. Nice TP hit there. So that's two for two. Now I believe the third trade I did take. It was this one minute down to these hourly lows were basically just going for these pre market lows here. Another thing is the common theme today is that we had to chase on a lot of these setups, which sucks, obviously, but you know, I told my stream, you know, not every day it's going to be like that. We go back and we just look at last week. This was a perfect trade. No chase needed. So for me, I have chasing in my arsenal. I know how to do it. Obviously, it's not ideal, but it is what it is. And yeah, you needed to chase on this one as well. You'll see right there. So you needed to chase on that one as well, but beautifully, beautifully missed my TP area. So that this was a break even trade for me. We had this hourly low. Although it did go up 24 points. I could have trimmed. I got a little bit greedy held for this hourly low that hourly low never hit until I got wicked out. And then here was my funded trade. So. Turn off. Okay. Here was my funded trade. So we saw that we got the hourly low sweep. We were in discount of the range. We had good reactions. Add good momentum. I was looking for long as I told the whole streamer looking for long and this was the trade that I ended up taking. I believe that it was this one right here. I'm almost positive as one right here. So this had some negatives to it, but for me, this just had way more positives and negatives and which is why I decided to just take it. So number one, what are our positives? Well, we got the hourly sweep. That's confluence number one. Right. Confluence number two. We're in discount. So we should be looking for longs. Number three. Good reactions. We're in discount. So we're in discount. So we swept that level and immediately started reversing. That's exactly what I look for for good momentum. Again, you could see as soon as we sweep that level, we start forming those green candles with good strength. And then I believe that's about it. Where we delivering off of a gap. I think we're delivering off a four hour. We were. So ES was actually delivering off of a four hour fair value gap. So we're delivering off of a five hour fair value gap. So we're delivering off of a five hour fair value gap. So we're delivering off of a five hour fair value gap. So we're delivering off of a five hour fair value gap. So we're delivering off of a five hour fair value gap. So we're delivering off of a five hour fair value gap. So we're delivering off of a five hour fair value gap. So we're delivering off of a five hour fair value gap. So we're delivering off of a five hour fair value gap. So we're delivering off of a five hour fair value gap. So we're delivering off of a five hour fair value gap. So we're delivering off of a five hour fair value gap. So we're delivering off of a five hour fair value gap. So we're delivering off of a five hour fair value gap. So we're delivering off of a five hour fair value gap. So we're delivering off of a five hour fair value gap. So we're delivering off of a five hour fair value gap. So we're delivering off of a five hour fair value gap. So we're delivering off of a five hour fair value gap. So we're delivering off of a five hour fair value gap. So we're delivering off of a five hour fair value gap. So we're delivering off of a five hour fair value gap. So we're delivering off of a five hour fair value gap. So we're delivering off of a five hour fair value gap. So we're delivering off of a five hour fair value gap. So we're delivering off of a five hour fair value gap. So we're delivering off of a five hour fair value gap. So we're delivering off of a five hour fair value gap. So we're delivering off of a five hour fair value gap. So we're delivering off of a five hour fair value gap. So we're delivering off of a five hour fair value gap. So we're delivering off of a five hour fair value gap. So we're delivering off of a five hour fair value gap. So we're delivering off of a five hour fair value gap. So we're delivering off of a five hour fair value gap. So we're delivering off of a five hour fair value gap. You could look for this right here and hope that price hits the 50. It did that again. Unfortunately, you had to actually this one, you really didn't have to chase. You got a pretty much good entry, but there it is. And that went for 30 points. So super, super happy. Honestly, not a single losing call out in the stream. And yeah, that's it. That's it for me on this Monday. Have a good one. Take it easy. Peace.