What is going on guys tempo trades? Yo today was battle man. I am up $50 but I'm not gonna count that as a green day. It's not even like 0.5R so I'm gonna count it as a break even day. I took three break even trades and unfortunately the one trade that was a winner I called out on stream I decided not to take because of news. Yeah today was just a battle you know these Mondays that's the common theme with these Mondays. Let's go over the three trades that I want to talk about here. Alright so trade number one you could see here at the bottom of the screen we had a bullish SMT right. You could see that NQ swept out these lows. ES did not sweep out these lows. There's bullish divergence as well as the pre-market liquidity sweep so I had a bullish bias right. Here was the trade and this was a break even. Some people took a loss and I'll kind of explain my reasoning but here was the trade. There was a lower IFEG entry. I do want to look at that. There was a lower IFEG entry here but personally when we're this close to open I don't want to take this small gap. I prefer to take something bigger. You know in this case the lower entry did work but more often than not the bigger fair value gap is going to have a much higher win rate. So let me go here. Alright so here's the trade right. Here was the trade SMT liquidity sweep in discount aiming for that 50% retracement as you could see. So this was the trade. Now there's two things why you could go break even here. Alright so if I just fast forward there is about 13 points. Okay so I personally went break even just in time. At first I didn't go break even but then I got out right when it was going down like this at my break even. But here's the situation right when I typically look at a break even trade I like to go break even 15 to 20 points in profit or you know maybe I'm up 10 15 points and it hits a swing high or a swing low. Okay this did not hit a swing high. It did go up 13 points but the main thing is we created a bearish SMT. Okay because you could see here NQ did not sweep this high right here and if you look on the right ES did. So that's a bearish SMT and if you see that SMT and then you see that NQ is starting to stall that is a key indicator that okay you know price could actually turn around here and go against us. So I said it in the live stream I posted it for the premium members but during the trade I literally said hey guys we have an SMT I know we're only up about 10 to 12 points. If you want to go break even here you can then I was like I'm not gonna go break even and then once I saw it coming back down I'm just like okay I'm out break even and thank god I did because that saved me from an L. But again that's just a personal decision. I don't think there's a right or wrong here. I don't think it's like oh you had to go break even or it was a bad trade like no I think it was a good trade. It was tight and you had to just make a decision on the fly whether you wanted to risk this or not and that's all it comes down to. The next play was actually a winner and I didn't take it. A bunch of people in the discord did take it. I saw a bunch of people take this earlier but I just didn't want to risk it. I just really didn't want to risk it. So basically as soon as that trade ended I was like hey guys we have this 30 second this is a valid reentry. You know kind of same trade idea a little worse rating but this is valid right. Now we had new home sales at 10 a.m. which isn't red folder but it's still orange and god forbid we get some weird spike candle. You know I try not to be in a trade if possible during that and essentially by the time this inversed I think yeah we had five minutes left so less than five minutes you actually had three minutes. So you had three minutes you would have had to take this three minutes before the orange folder news but it did work. It did work and it did very very well so I said it was a valid trade. I said you could take it if you want and it absolutely printed so this was the best trade of the day. Again it is what it is. I try not to take trades before news you know we move on to the next one. So that was another trade uh other than that I'm trying to remember there's so many there's so many trades. Okay uh what was the next setup let me maybe it was after the London sweep tracking okay um I'm just checking my alerts here. No it was after the Asia sweep okay so after the Asia sweep it looks like I took the one minute. Okay here's the next play we swept London or we swept Asia two major liquidity sweeps we're in premium of the range so we want to be shorting back down. At this point we're getting very low volume grindy price action it's just not good and the result of that is we're creating these super small fair value gaps. So what I ended up doing is I took this one minute but because the gap was small instead of using the gap as my stop loss actually put my stop loss at the swing high. I do this sometimes when the gap is very small to give myself more protection. On top of that we also had the bearish SMT you could see that ES didn't sweep London and Q did and there was the entry here was the break even and again just an instant break even so just an instant break even instant instant instant break even you could see I called that out and yeah just not much we can do we're just not getting any continuation today. The last but not least break even was all the way back here it's just very frustrating the price action today so we had this mega and I mean mega fair value gap and I was interested in taking it then I wasn't interested then at 1244 ES got a fresh liquidity sweep you could see on the right we swept London high so after all of this chop I wasn't interested anymore I was like look we just swept London I may be interested if we inverse and we did so I was in this play you could see I called it out right here hold on you see right here I called it out I said I'm in short on NQ bull knocks accounts only I kind of de-risked there because of how bad the environment the trading conditions were this was not a TP they break even my TP was actually down here and we just missed it so entered there and there's your break even and then once again for the million time we got stopped out break even so in hindsight if I go back this trade actually ended up working for about 30 points but for me guys like there's no hindsight here there's no hindsight I trade mechanically and if I'm sitting in this trade and I have to sit in 20 minutes of this consolidation just praying that it goes down it's not a good trade and if I were to go and journal this I'd be embarrassed and I'd be ashamed of myself so you know I'm not again I got stopped out break even it ended up working but garbage momentum f tier momentum I'm not you know worried I don't have any FOMO honestly it's just it is what it is it is what it is I meant I missed the best move of the day because I decided not to trade before the news and I got to live with that and is what it is so on to tomorrow if you have any other questions please let me know just a ugly ugly day of price action