What is going on guys tempo trades no funded trades today Yeah, I kind of said this yesterday where you know Powell and Trump speaking back to back like a tag team duo That's just a recipe for like not favorable price action so I was just on eval today Yeah, and when Powell came on the podium at 10am we got this crazy spike candle so that was pretty much it there was two plays I called out on stream today one was a win one was a loss in hindsight if I did trade funded today I would have been green But it is what it is I rather follow my rules then you know be upset with myself so here was the main trade this was the first trade again this would be a funded trade if it weren't for Powell I believe when this was happening he was still speaking So yeah just not something I'm willing to take on funded but this was a two minute I Fiji short we're super high up in premium we swept out a ton of buy side liquidity at this point it's pretty just textbook routine We're just looking for the start of that reversal after a huge move up and this hit almost 80 points in profit so this would have been my funded winner and I would have been done for the day I called this out but because of my rules it was evil only that's fine in the stream, but unfortunately, the next play, there was one other play where I was like, you know what, you could take it. It was where is it? Oh, is this one right here? So this was the second one, and unfortunately it didn't work and it is what it is. I'm happy it was an eval play and it wasn't a funded. So look at that. Both sides of the coin there, going eval hurt us and helped us. So here was the second play, kind of just the same deal. Price came back up, reswept this high buy side level and had really good momentum. We started creating some bearish order blocks. So I thought this was good for eval. Definitely an eval worthy trade and that just didn't work. So those are the only two trades. Yeah, just kind of a crazy grind up now after the Powell stuff. The market's up 400 points almost 2%. So it looks like the Fed is expecting some rate cuts earlier than expected, which is why I think we are pumping like this. So we still have Trump speaking in about an hour. So that could also shake things up. You never know in this market, but yeah, this eval for me risk off had a great day outside of Wednesday. Every other day I was green, really sharp, just taking good setups. And now we reflect, we could journal what we did good, what we could do bad and now we can move on to next week, but happy. If you have any questions, reach out. Peace. Peace.