What is going on guys tempo trades in today's video we capped off the week man really good day To win zero losses. I caught the data wicks set up and today was the best price action of the entire day I mean you could see this movement here. We had a 300-point range Which is really really good really good price action And yeah, so going all the way back here Obviously we had NFP we knew this was coming the entire week We're expecting an 80 to 100 point data candle NFP Traditionally gives us the best data candle possible So we ended up getting an 80 point data candle, which is again on the low end, but definitely something we could still use So then I was just like, you know wait for one side to sweep target the other there we go You see this the low swept so now we're looking for reversal to target this high um Mark out that data high and yeah, so there was there's a couple setups for me. I Saw the combined 15 second it wasn't singular, but I really just wasn't seeing anything else And I just I wanted to risk it, you know It's there's sometimes where you just want to risk it and you know It's worthwhile for you and for me that was happening So we have a bullish SMT at the lows Because NQ swept the data low, but yes did it right and Then we have the data high as the draw on liquidity. So for me. I was 100% okay risking this I Told my stream that I was gonna take it and I took it right there now I actually ended up trimming at 20 points and then I told them that I was holding the rest for the data high I then got stopped out break even and I immediately told the chat. I'm like look we're gonna look for a reentry I know this wants to go to the high so we're gonna look for another setup and that setup was the 30 second right here. So Then you go to this 30 second Here's play number two about a 14 point stop To potentially get 25 or so And that's what we ended up doing. So I ended up taking this 30 second. Here's play number two now And then this one actually went all the way to TP and even went further beyond For about 50 points. I was holding in case we wanted to go all the way up and target this 50% retracement, but we didn't Um, but nonetheless, I mean really really good play and you know after two wins like that We are green on the day. So those are the trades that I took personally Um, then I started kind of just calling stuff out We we ended up continuing our trend from yesterday and kind of sell off here Um, I mean you could see this massive sell off, right? Um, and then it wasn't until down here Where we ended up sweeping some four hour liquidity Right here, you could see we ended up sweeping this we ended up sweeping this Uh, wait, did we sweep this? I don't even know. Hold on Wait We did okay, so we swept both of those four hour lows and I was like, okay This is a really really good spot to look for a reversal. Um, and then at 10 a.m. We got manufacturing pmi which created a decently sized data candle Uh, this data candle was 62 points I told my stream. I was like, look It's not as ideal as I would like because there's no top wick You know with the best data candles, you really want a top and bottom wick, but I was like you could still try it Um, and then I called out this 32nd right here and that actually ended up working. So There was another call out right there for 50 points Uh, and then last but not least I actually ended up missing this trade Um, I was going to take this just for a you know, tick tock video or instagram video But there was a v-shaped kind of retracement reentry here and I was waiting to take it, but I missed out on the chase And this one went 100 points So I mean price is just moving really really clean today. Um And this is kind of what I was talking about like earlier on in the week was you know, you have to pick your spots Monday we got really bad price action. Everyone was freaking out. You know, we're trying to tell people like look Not every day is going to be the same. No news. Monday is not going to be the same as an nfp friday So, you know fast forward to the end of the week today was probably the best price action in terms of fluidity and movement of the entire week so You just got to know when to be risk on and risk off and today was a really really good opportunity to make money so That was it for me two wins zero losses We actually didn't have a single loss on the week here In terms of the fund is so yesterday was one and oh today's two and oh Wednesday was one and oh Tuesday was one and oh and then monday. We didn't take a trade so Really really good week. Hopefully next week is good as well. We'll take a look at that during the weekend see what we can get Um, and yeah, have a good one And those are my trades