All right guys, it's your boy tempo trades coming at you with another video trade recap Want to know on the day to know on the call. It's had a really good day Very very happy with my executions to be completely honest with you. I mean Again today was a no news Tuesday, so we're not expecting the best movement. I said that before we even opened I said right here if today is anything like yesterday, I'm just going for base hits 20 30 points and trimming mainly everything, right? We need to be adapting to the market conditions You know because tomorrow and Thursday we have red-folder news and it could be completely different It could be huge ranges good momentum and that's where we you know hold for longer moves But in a market where we're not going to have any news. It's typically going to be a smaller range And that's what we saw for the first hour. I mean for the first hour of the market. It was dreadful I mean we were in a 76 point range Not looking good whatsoever Until we actually ended up expanding an hour in but let's just go over the two trades here the first trade This is the funded one I took This was a 30 second IFE G Combined with just the Asia sweep. That's really the main thing Asia. Oh All right, so really this is all it was It was the Asia low here. We came down. We swept Asia low same thing on ES And we're just taking a reversal. It's not the best play in the world I just didn't really like the you know how close it is to the 50 and just a couple of other things But it works. It was a valid trade So I'm gonna remove my emotions from it and if my system says it's a valid trade I'm gonna take it because I know it has a good win rate So I ended up taking this it went for about 30 35 points And if you didn't take that play that you got another opportunity because a little bit later Like I said price ended up dumping if we go on the higher time frame here We ended up sweeping all of this sell side liquidity And then if I move to ES on the right ES also swept sell side liquidity right here So we had a dump move swept sell side and Then yeah, and then you got your second attempt right here now the only real problem with this trade I gave it an a-minus the only why is doing that? So weird the only real problem with this trade is the fact that it's not sing what the hell is going on Just like putting orders on my screen. It's not singular This higher gap was here and this was the main problem with the trade and I told people look if you want to take it You really just have to enter on the lower gap and pretty much go break even when it hits this higher gap And hopefully it pushes out and that's what it did You could see right there you ended up getting a 30 point trim right before the 50% level and that was green That was green. So that was pretty much it. Those are the trades Very easy day and again, you're the call outs I even said for the first trade I was like these longs are valid I'm in long 30 points and everything and whatnot. So very easy You could see hopefully the members got a lot of profits today Looks like they did. I mean you said caught it. I'll call it American Edge caught it looked good and You know if we can just make a couple hundred dollars today and not be too greedy and not force ourselves on the market because the conditions are not that good right now To be honest we can make a ton of money later on in the week when the conditions are good, right? So that is the game plan That's it for me if you have any questions feel free to reach out and I will see you guys tomorrow PPI very excited