What is going on guys tempo trades? We are green on the day two wins one loss I just want to take a moment to talk about mentality and emotional discipline I was talking to my premium members about this before I get into the trades today was a prime example My first trade was a loss my second trade was a win my third trade was a ginormous win, okay, and It's for me It's really irritating for me to look over to the chat and a lot of the times especially after taking a loss there's just negativity and complaining and Whining and I just want to tell you something guys. No one likes losing, right? Nobody likes losing especially me when I'm trading my own capital 20 accounts And I'm trading in front of hundreds of people nobody likes losing, but let me let you in on a little secret Trading you're going to lose. Okay. Don't listen to these people on social media Everybody loses Everybody some people lose more than others, but everybody is going to lose and the only thing that matters is you follow your edge in your model And if your data says that you have an edge you should win more than you should lose, right? So Again, it's very annoying Every time something doesn't go our way or whatever and I just see people mentally Checking themselves out, you know because there's people where you take the first trade and it's a loss and they're sulking They're complaining. They're leaving the stream whatever and then 90 minutes later because I kept my head straight because I kept my emotions in check And I managed my risk I caught a 90-point trade and I'm still in this with one micro, right? Here's here you go 497 was my fill. I'm still in with one micro so guys I lost thousands of dollars my first year thousands I promise you I lost more money than you my first year and Did I feel bad for myself? Sure, but did I constantly be negative and change my Mindset and and just always feel sorry for myself No, because the only thing that you can control is your emotions on the charts You can't control where the candles are gonna go you can guess and you can make educated decisions But the only thing you can control is your mentality each and every day, okay? So this is just a PSA to everybody. We got to cut this crying and complaining crap. I'm a serious I'm not gonna stand for it anymore. If you don't want to be here There's other places We went this listen to me we win together and we lose together remember that okay? I I want you guys to get payouts and I'm always looking for the best for you and we've already done that We've had this discord for a year and I mean we've gotten over a hundred people payouts You could DM any of these people ask them for proof Whatever you want all of these people have benefited from trading with us and that will continue in 2025 But there's gonna be good times and there's gonna be bad times and that's just the way it is so How to get that off my chest? How to get that off my chest regardless we are green today I want to go over this trade first just because I have it all marked out so essentially this was the trade We came up we swept these highs right here These were the highs for Monday and Tuesday. Those are major liquidity sweeps We were also tapping into this hourly BPR up here. So not only do we have a major liquidity sweep? We also are tapping a high time frame gap. We were also in premium of the range We also put in a bearish SMT. So there's a lot of positive confluences here telling us that shorts are good in this area Now the main negative the main negative for this trade was The momentum was really bad and I was telling my stream I said look, I know the momentum is bad but when you have six good confluences and Two one or two bad confluences if I'm not green yet for me This is worth taking and I'm just okay with accepting the risk and that's kind of how I decided to take this trade You know if you go to my Twitter We've seen We've seen trades Work out with bad momentum I probably won't be able to find a good example But if you just scroll through my photos, we've seen trades like this develop and work. I mean look at this This is not good momentum. So I decided to risk it. I told everyone I was in Again for this trade I entered here. I took the combined 30 second IFE G's For this we never got a stop loss the candle never closed Over the gap and this is the situation where again, this is why I try not to use hard stops If you use the hard stop you potentially got faked out on this play twice So my my soft stop was gonna be a close over the gap My hard stop was this swing high right here and that's how I had this trade set up My first trim My first trim was right here. I trimmed a lot of my position because The whole session was bad price action. We were getting 20 points break even 10 points break even so I was very concerned that We wouldn't get this move. So I decided to trim aggressively Then I trimmed down to runners here about 30% of my remaining position I guess if I had 40% left I trimmed 30% of that So I was down to 10% and then I trimmed one micro here And now I'm currently down to one micro in this trade as we speak here you go. So This was a banger trade And again six one to six risk to reward so This went up 90 points so far. So That is that That is that Let me go let's go over the first two trades here So the first trade was a loss unfortunately, I thought it was a good trade. It was a b-plus I Thought let me wait. I thought the first trade was a decent trade yesterday. You saw that our trade wasn't the first Minute or two and it was a winner and it was a great trade and this was kind of Almost a replica of that. I guess you could say so here was the trade We came down and we swept out. I believe an hourly low. No, we tapped into gaps Okay, so you see yes or NQ tapped into these hourly gaps Yes, and in Q we also tapped the 50% level. This was the main confluence right here just a 50% tap Did we have an SMT? We also had a bullish SMT. So there you go. So here's your SMT So these are your three main confluences okay bullish SMT NQ taps the 50% level we're looking for a bounce out of that and NQ and ES tapping gaps on the higher time frame. So that was the confluence. I decided to take this 30 second long You know at the time of the trade. It was really really good momentum. You could see right here. I did go half size on this trade I said that in the stream just I'm not hindsight Harry. I promise I said that on the stream and you can see we also put in a 30 second order block so I Like the trade I like the trade SMT good momentum 30 second order block. I Like it and unfortunately it just didn't work. So that was a half size loss We then took a win. I don't even remember where we took this win. I have to look I'm gonna do this quickly. I'm just gonna do this quickly because we're running out of time. This video is very long Yeah, so it was this we had another SMT here if you check on the time frame at 1010 ES swept the data low and Q didn't that's a major sweep with a bullish SMT and really good momentum I took this for about 20 points right there And then I went and then it got stop loss break even so that was the second trade so first trade Half loss second trade 20 point trim third trade 90 point short. Okay, so thank you guys so much for watching again I love you guys and I'm so happy for the community we built and you guys changed my life And I hope I can change your life, but sometimes there needs to be some tough love I'm trying to guide you in the right direction and just constantly complaining and whining anytime something doesn't go your way It's just not how you deal with things man. It's not gonna benefit you. It's not gonna benefit anyone So love you guys see you tomorrow peace Peace.