What is going on guys tempo trades if you're watching this video I did not take or I did take a trade today But it was break even I'm break even on the day just a no news Monday. Just really boring People always ask me what's the worst day to trade and it's 100% no news Mondays in terms of consistency. They're the worst But it is what it is It is what it is not all days are created equal and just last week on Thursday and Friday We were catching 100 point trades back to back. So I'm gonna be patient and wait for my opportunity So we got a decent range today. I mean like I'm not gonna complain about the range It was 115 points, which is basically about average We just didn't really get any good moves, you know, I think we came up here and we swept this Asia high right at the open I was looking for a potential short move that never happened What was really weird today was how uncorrelated? ES and NQ were I mean just look just look on the screen. I mean, you know, there's a clear divergence here And it was just it just was ugly. It was just ugly There was really two setups that I would have even qualified as valid and they were only be setups I think I gave both of them a be rating Here was the first one. I actually took this. I really liked it looking at it I Did really like it The reason was is because of like the sweep on ES. It's not a major sweep But we got the sweep on ES right right here And then we got the instant momentum with really good Momentum we got the SMT sweep of New York low Really good momentum and then you could see on NQ here. It's like V shape We even formed the woman at order block here. So I actually really like this It's kind of an unconventional play for me because you don't really see me long too much in premium You can see here. We're actually at the top of the range But I liked it, you know, I liked it. I decided to go half risk On the trade due to the fact that we are in premium like I said, but I did like it and I ended up actually de-risking Because of how bad the momentum was you could see here We just chopped back and forth for about five minutes and then I was like, you know what I'm I'm risking point five Are now I'm gonna go down to like point three are I'm just de-risking and basically after sitting in this for ten minutes and Seeing that ES was absolutely Horrible and Q was trying to go up. Yes was trying to go down. It was garbage PA like look at that So after that and this hit right here, I'm like, you know what man? I don't even want to be in this trade anymore This is absolutely brutal. So I went break even right here. I was up about ten points. It is a tight break even Ideally, I'd like to go break even 15 to 20 points But due to the fact that again, it's a B setup. We're in premium So this is not like a bread and butter setup by any means and the fact that the momentum is just so bad I'm just gonna play it cautiously I went break even there It ended up hitting me out break even the very next candle and then it went up about 30 points So it is what it is I'm not gonna be hindsight and say I should have held it because for me. It's a it's a personal decision You know, I made the personal decision because the momentum was so bad and everything looks so bad I wanted to play this a little bit tighter than normal and I'm okay with that, you know, I'm okay with that So I mean I was in with such small size. I wouldn't even have made much from that anyway Like maybe 80 bucks 100 bucks Yeah, the other the other real Set up that we got today was the two-minute long Again, I called this one out on stream decided I wasn't gonna take it and if we look here Here was the two-minute long now. I was personally waiting for the London sweep on ES I know if you go to the hourly time frame We did sweep hold on We did sweep an hourly low technically, right? If you look to my right, we did sweep that hourly low that Constitutes for a valid long but once again Just because of the garbage conditions and everything I've already mentioned I wanted to have more confluences and be more strict if I was going to take a trade in addition to that This gap is just really not that big. It's seven points And when you consider how fast these candles are moving, there's a lot of momentum here and here even on the way down I'd like this gap to be a bit bigger. Maybe 10 points just to give me some more wriggle wiggle room So with those factors in mind, I was like look we didn't even we missed the 50% tap. We missed the London tap Yes, we did sweep the hourly low technically, but without those I'm not interested I gave it a B setup as well. I guess it's an A minus if you say it's a liquidity sweep But I just wasn't interested simply put And this one did work gotta give my gotta tip my hat to it. This one did work. So that was the best trade of the morning Saw a couple people take it, but just wasn't for me This wasn't for me And yeah, that's that's that's about it. That's where we stand right now We have a four hour high right here. This is Friday's high of day at 9.02. So this would be my major level I'm interested in I would love to come up here and Take a short like that once we sweep if you're watching this video. That means we didn't get it. So Yeah, that's it again. I'm not worried You saw last week what we were capable of love and just got to be patient, you know Wednesday and Wednesday and Thursday are gonna be our big money days, hopefully so it is what it is start the week off and we'll see you tomorrow tomorrow.