All right, what is going on guys tempo trades? We are one and oh on the day just by the way FYI yesterday I just couldn't get around to the recap because I streamed a m streamed p.m. And then I streamed for like five six hours I was done at four and I just had things to take care of but yesterday was one win one loss It was one loss in the morning one win in the afternoon the p.m. Stream So yeah, but going into today We kind of pre-market we were near all-time highs again We dumped we dumped right before the open and essentially We got this okay So you could see here We got the overnight sweeps on ES on the right and then we got a BPR tap on NQ now The longs are valid just because of ES sweeping these lows So ES should be looking to reverse here and NQ is gonna follow that right that's it. That's what we're looking at in theory I wanted a 50% tap to compliment the sweep and We didn't get that you could see price disrespected the 50% But what I did see was while I was scrolling through these time frames. We were respecting this 15 minute BPR Okay, I know it's hard to see Let's see. Okay. It's hard to see but you have here's your bearish gap Here's your bullish gap. So you have a bearish and bullish fair value gap Overlining with each other. There's your BPR and So that tap kind of combined with the ES sweeps I was I told my child I was like Chad I'm looking at this one minute I'm looking at this one minute and I know it's not exactly singular But again, all that we care about is we can get to either TP or break even by the time It hits that second gap and I feel like that was a good chance for me to take right if you enter here Ideally by the time it hits the top gap You are going to be Estimated 15 16 points in profit. Okay, and even if it digs deeper into that you're it's easily 20 So by the time it hits my the top gap, I could ideally be break even or even take a trim So that's why I was willing to take this lower gap If this lower gap was lower, right? If it was like right on top of this one, I wouldn't have taken the lower gap I probably would have just taken the higher gap. Okay So that's for that. So I called this out in front of 300 people. I said I was looking at this long. I was going to chase Um, so there's no hindsight. No nothing I took this long here and then I pretty much trimmed full at 40 points Um, you could see my executions. I actually showed my executions on the stream, but you could see my executions right here So here's my full execution. So I only got in with half size because it was a chase. I wanted to go 10 micros I only got five I got five micros right there and I trimmed my other five my full five micros up there. So it was a 40 point trade Um, I could have In in in hindsight, I could have held some for up here because this was new york high of day But when I have half size, I really don't like doing partials I don't have enough contracts to maneuver, you know Um, so when I go half size, I really just like to take one tp and be happy with it Uh, and then when I'm full size, obviously if I had 10 micros here, you know, I would have taken I probably would have taken Let's see. I would have taken 10 five micros off here You know, I probably would have taken off two or three micros somewhere over here and then I would have held One or two micros for that high, but when you when you have such a small amount of position You don't have a lot of room to maneuver, you know, um The crazy part is this trade would have hit me out break even no matter what Um, even if I right there, you know, it would have hit me out break even no matter what and the crazy part about it Is after it hit me out break even it would have done all that so That's crazy. I'm kind of happy because I got the most amount of profits possible, but This thing went up 170 points after which is just Absolutely crazy. Um, so yeah, that's my trade. Um, we really we really really really really need price to get away from all time highs like We're not gonna I told I said this in the stream And we're not gonna be at all time highs forever and like a lot of people are sulking and venting and I understand like It's tough. It is what it is. It's tough right now, but just two weeks ago Just two weeks ago We were killing and we were getting 200 point trades on back-to-back days so It's just high it's just recency bias and people are freaking out because the past one or two weeks have been difficult But you know, we're not going to be at all time highs forever. This is just a temporary state of the market And you need to adapt get through it survive learn from it and you'll be able to Flourish, you know when the conditions are optimal and that's all there is to it. So That's all I got