What is going on guys tempo trades in today's video we are one and oh once again price action has been so good the last three days and again I told people in my stream. I'm gonna be honest when price action is bad I'm gonna call it how it is when price action is good. I'm gonna call it how it is just amazing moves these past three days and If we can continue like this, we're gonna print we're gonna go on another win streak. It's not even a question in my mind So three for three on in terms of callouts, but I only ended up taking one on the funded I think I took one on the funded one. I took on an eval I'll show you that later and then one I straight up missed. I just couldn't chase it was too fast But none of the trades we called out failed very good before I get into the trades though Last to last day for these two sales first of all my fun futures 25% off if you buy one account as an existing user and then as a new user it is 50% Off for your first account if you haven't tried this firm It's a no-brainer you can get up to five accounts total and $39 with zero activation fee is the best deal in the business the other sale that is ending tomorrow is the bull knocks 90% sale this ends tomorrow. This is the cheapest way to get in the prop firm game $15 for an account If you want to just buy a bunch of these and stock them for the next month It's a great idea. Like I said, it's cheaper than anything you'll find So just want to make sure you guys know today's the last day We probably won't have these sales back for the next couple of weeks. So Alright, let's get into the trade the trade. I took on funded was a pre-market trade I do want to just talk about something like I not a lot of people I see a very very small amount of people complain Anytime I take a pre-market setup and I just like I don't get why I Guess like number one you should not be rolling out of bed five minutes before the market opens That is just bad. That's poor execution from you. There's nobody to blame but yourself if you miss these trades It is on you. I'm calling them out. I'm letting everyone know. Hey guys When we get a red folder news event pre-market, I will look specifically to trade that or trade a setup But I always have my alarm set at 8 30 a.m. EST. What do I do when I wake up? I brush my teeth I get breakfast and I open the chart if I see that price is in a bad range And there's no way I'm gonna take a trade before the market opens I shut it off and I wait till open But if I wake up at 8 30 and I see that price is actually in a decent spot for a setup and it makes sense I will take the trade, you know, so again if you're setting your alarm at 9 20 10 minutes before the market opens And you're missing these you can only blame yourself. There's there's nobody else to blame so You can see here there were a lot of confluences for this one. We were in premium of the range. We got a major sweep We had a bearish SMT the order block formed. So I really like this even though it was pre-market. Here's your sweep right there That's an hourly sweep Wait a second, so here's your hourly sweep right here. We also had the SMT Because you could see very very clearly on the right. He has to not sweep that high and Q did so we are in premium We have the hourly sweep We have the bearish SMT and to put the icing on the cake We formed a bearish two-minute order block right here with a lot of momentum. So I decided to try it And yeah that here was the trade now. I was very very close to cutting this trade I was very very close to cutting this trade because it was not moving man We sat in this for like 20 minutes was not moving whatsoever I was about to cut it, but with about five minutes left. We finally got that dump. Thank God we did And we caught our points we caught our points here is the premium again. I said trimming 30 points in profit And then here was my TP one there was my TP two I was holding runners for this one in a low down here never ended up hitting but overall great trade And then looking into trade number two Was the one I didn't catch I believe it was this two minute right here So this trade was actually in my opinion worse than the first trade just because it did have a major sweep Here was your major sweep that is an hourly sell side level but But at the same time you had to chase on this one and it was in premium of the range So here was another trade that worked But you had to chase Because when we finally did inverse you could see how fast that candle moves So this one worked for about 60 points. I was going to take it on an eval I didn't manage to catch it fast enough. That's just how it goes sometimes And yeah, I did call this one out on stream. Okay last but not least we have the eval play that I caught I passed a bull knocks eval in one trade right here This was the worst setup honestly the first one I'd give a minus the first one of the second one I'd give B plus this one is probably a B The main reason I took it is just because the V shape it's a plus momentum You can see the V shape right here, and I'm just like you know what chat I'm trying this on a cheap bull knocks eval again 90% off I'm just gonna try it and it worked and I passed it in one trade But yeah, this is probably a B. It's just too high up in premium. There's no sweep. I don't even think there was an SMT at the time I'm doing it. I'm taking this just purely based on momentum So it's not something I'd ever take on a funded probably but on a cheap eval. I'd like to be aggressive Okay, and those are the three traits that I not a single loser in the live stream We killed it to start the Monday. So nice way to start the week. Let's ramp up into the week Obviously Friday is the big day with NFP very very excited. So I'll see you guys tomorrow If you have any questions feel free to DM me and the desert