What is going on guys tempo trades today might be like the best day of the month. I know we're only I Know we're only four days into the month, but wow today was a movie man today was a movie So going into the trades. I want to know on the day. I took one trade I got a fine my executions now. Hold on Not that Damn it I'm execute And one of these are my Okay, here we go so here was my executions this was the first trade I'm gonna show you the second trade first So here was the second trade. This was an a setup really really good Pretty textbook here, right? We have our overnight lows. We have our London in Asia low You wait for them to sweep and then we had a combined 30 second I effigy right here You enter when we inverse and then you just ride this baby up and this one hit a hundred and five points in profit So this was an absolutely insane trade You could see I called out longs very clearly at first. I wanted to take the two minute But then on stream I changed it to the 30 seconds. So I said very clearly. I love longs in this area Wait for overnight sweeps wait for overnight sweeps and then look for longs was very very clear about what I wanted And then you know, we got a gray move Got a really really good move. So this was the move of the day If you caught it congrats the other trade that I took was this trade so Here's the trade that I took personally Who would have I felt a little iffy about this one and I'll kind of explain why but For whatever reason the last three days, I've taken a trade right at the open and that's like Not I mean this wasn't right at the open, but it's kind of uncharacteristic for me. So basically We came up right off open and we swept this high which was an hourly high Okay, this means shorts are valid. We're in premium of the range. We're at the top of the range So we're now looking for shorts back down to the bottom of the range, right? We had this one minute I effigy right here And Yeah, this is a valid trade now. I felt if I felt iffy about it The reason I felt iffy about it is just because how it was moving If you go back and look just how the candles were moving it was wicking wicking around a lot It just felt super aggressive like kind of that typical market open crazy price action So although it was a valid trade and you know, it checked off all the boxes. I decided to go half size here And I basically entered there half size and I was just holding for the 50% level which it hit Here was my executions So I entered there. I trimmed full at the 50% level I caught about 40 points and I made $300 per account, which is a great base hit and You know, I'm able to request the payout on take profit trader today because 300 times 5 is 1500 and I can request that today So I could have managed it a little better the reason Excuse me The reason I trimmed full Is because I went half size, you know, I only had five micros and I didn't really want to do the You know three micros and then hold two especially with it being the 50% level I was just like, you know what? I'm just going to trim full here Um And yeah, if I had full size, right? So if I went 10 micros I would have had a lot better time managing the position, right? Because I could have taken off five here held five You know trimmed another three here and then trimmed the last two there and it would have been a great You know a couple of scale trades, but it is what it is. I decided to go half size um, you know, yes, so it's weird because Two days ago. I took a trade right at open. It was a winner yesterday. I took a trade right at open. It was a loser So I just I don't really like these trades that open If they're super valid, I have to take them because I'm a robot and I trade like a robot And if my model says it's a valid trade, I'm just going to take it But I wasn't too excited about this one. Uh, it did ended up working and and even went all the way down to these overnight lows So Yeah, the trade worked. Um, and yeah, today was just an overall really really good day, man Not a single loss in the live stream. Um Then our other call out hit 100 points One of our members swervin got a $10,000 payout today. So this is why I do it Um, I'm making money. I'm helping other people make money. We're building a great community and I love it. So Yeah, feel really really blessed today. Really really blessed man. That is the trade recap one and oh