What is going on tempo trades? We took a loss today, ladies and gentlemen, I saw a lot of people by the way this dude trading view update. I don't know it just like sets orders if someone can help me fix this. Yeah, we took a loss. We took one loss today. Interesting enough, I saw a ton of people take L today, you know, in other communities and on social media. So there's something to note. But basically, we got the PPI candle right here at 8 30am. And this was a really big candle. Typically, I'm expecting like 50 70 points. This was 100 plus, which is pretty big. Unfortunately, we just never went for the data high. We put the candle in, you wait for one side to sweep right here, the bottom swept. So now I'm long biased for the rest of the day. And like we just weren't getting any good moves for about two hours in the morning. I was waiting for this three minute I FBG specifically, and we never got it. So I just didn't take a trade. And then it wasn't until about 120. That I ended up taking a trade. You can see here this right here is the New York AM low. New York AM low. And then on top of that, yes, swept the data low. Okay, so there's two major liquidity sweeps right here. Okay, number one, I don't know again I don't know what this trading view thing is now. Number one, and Q swept New York AM low. That was also an hourly liquidity sweep and then number two, yes, swept the data low two major sweeps there. I decided to enter on the combined two minute. I decided to enter on this combined two minute right here. Yeah, pretty I mean pretty good setup in my opinion again we have the sweep. We have the fact that we're in discount of the range if I go in the higher time frame we were also delivering from I believe a four hour gap. Yeah, four hour gap. So there's just a lot of here that I like. So and again this was the first trade I really liked for what four or five hours so yeah we took this trade here I entered long right there. So once we closed over and I mean I sat in this one for a while I sat in this one for a while it kind of just chopped back and forth. And then not, I guess not a while while but about 20 minutes. I sat in this for like 20 minutes. Saturday for about 20 minutes it failed and then that was it. I mean that's that's all she wrote after that I just had to go to a doctor's appointment so I couldn't really even look for another trade but I lost about 252 75 from that trade, you know, not worried not anything we can't get back tomorrow. But yeah, you could see. Yeah, here's the call out. I said I was in longs, and then that failed. And then pretty much you know I just, I wasn't available for the rest of the day so that was it pretty I'm not even going to be able to get back to the end of the day. I can't believe we left that. I can't believe we left that data high. We had data highs, like look how beautiful this three minute would have been. Man, oh man if we would have inverse this three minute was free money. We would have inverse this three minute right here. This is what I was waiting to I waited like two hours for this trade and we just never got it unfortunately so it is what it is. We lost 250 270 bucks whatever it was and move on to tomorrow tomorrow CPI. We run it back. We're expecting another huge data candle tomorrow morning. Let's just get get it back tomorrow.