What is going on guys? Temple trade. It's going to be a short one. We didn't take a trade today. It wasn't even close actually. I can't even remember the last time where it wasn't this close. There wasn't even 1% of me that was thinking about taking a funded trade today. There was just no good setups. Unfortunately, we opened the market today at all time highs and all we did was just trend up. Primarily, I think this is because of the Tesla news. They came out and reported that Elon Musk bought a billion dollars worth of shares. The mark and obviously with the SMP, a lot of the SMP is Tesla. It's one of the big mag seven companies. We just trended. That's pretty much it. Not only do we trend, which sucks for our model, but we're also at all time highs. Horrendous. Again, I said this before earlier, my premium members. Winning when to fight your battles is a skill in itself. You can win five days in a row and that's great. If you try to force things on the sixth day, even though we're trending and it's not the right conditions for our strategy, you will blow your account and you'll never be consistent that way. If I don't take a trade today, it is what it is. We forecasted this yesterday. I sent out the weekly outlook to everyone's emails. It was saying that Monday and Tuesday are more than likely going to be slow because price is waiting for FOMC. After FOMC, we could see a very strong pickup in overall volatility and that's the hope. Today was a great day for evals. By the way, if you use Code Tempo, Bull Knox is currently 83% off trailing drawdown accounts and Code Tempo two, you can buy end of day accounts. Great deal. You can buy an account for like $25, $30, pass it in one day. It was a great day for that because I'm very aggressive on evals. If you just want to try to catch this trend and pass in one trade, it was great for that, but definitely, definitely, definitely not a fun day. Yeah, that's all I got. That's all I got, man. We'll move on to tomorrow. There's a slight chance we get a data week here at 8.30 AM for core retail sales, but if not, I'm expecting much of the same. It's going to be slow. We need to get away from all-time highs for sure. My goodness, we need to get away from all-time highs. It's super, super good for long-term portfolios, but it's super, super bad for day trading because we're just up here at no man's land with no liquidity. That's it for me. See you guys tomorrow. Peace. Peace.