Alright, what is going on guys, TempleTrades1 and 0 today. Today was a tricky entry and this is a prime example of why you can't copy people and you're never going to be successful if you try to copy people. Now, you can still benefits from the stream, right? There's tons of people getting payouts, passing evals and enjoying the community. But you need to use me as a confluence and as a way to confirm your own bias and your own conviction rather than using me as a crutch. You know what I mean? So the call this morning was very, very clear. I woke up this morning and I was like, look at this. I said, "longs are valid because we swept the hourly low, but we didn't get the longs right away. We went and swept the four hour low." So then I said, "we swept the four hour low, would love to see longs in this area." And there was a ton of entries and price was just moving very fast and you know, for me, I have to focus on my 20 accounts or whatever it is. And sometimes I just can't be super hands on and be like, okay, enter here and do this. Like I got to focus on my accounts as well. So that's kind of what was happening. Just couldn't give you guys a precise entry, but there were so many entries here. But yeah, it was just very, very clear that we wanted to take longs off of that four hour low right here. You could see the liquidity sweep. There was the sweep. I mean, look at that move. Look at that move. So for me, the entry that I decided to take is the three minute. I would have loved right here. I would have loved to take a trade lower. There were just no clean spots for me to really get in. And I only got half size on this, but I would have loved to take a gap like somewhere, somewhere down here. I just didn't see anything that I really liked. So I took the three minute and I only got half size because of course had to chase on the momentum. And I took it for 60 points. So here are my executions. You can see the green arrow is where I filled the orange arrow is where I sold this out on a lot of points. Can't lie. The reason I sold there was because of this 15 minute fair value gap. Wait, where was it? One. Yeah. So the reason I sold was this 15 minute fair value gap. You know, I took the long and I was like, okay, where am I going to target? I'm not going to target this 15 minute gap, but we actually went through it. So I definitely left some money on the table, but nonetheless made $600 per account times like 20 something accounts. Pretty good. And then that's pretty much it. We got a couple other plays here. We put this data high in at 10am from manufacturing PMI and I really, really wanted to target this high. And there was two different trades that I took and we just didn't hit the high. One of them hit 20 points. Let's see. Yeah, so this one right here, you could have taken this trade right here and this one hit 20 points and then was stopped out break even. So you could have taken this trade right here. There's 25 points. And then the second trade was another chase. This one I just was trying to hold for the entire data high. And I just never hit. I went break even here. These were on evals, by the way. Yeah, I went break even here and it just hit break even I was trying to hit that data high up there and we just never hit it. So that was pretty much it. Following that we got this short move. I did call the short move out on stream. I just personally was like, look, I'm not looking to take this short move unless we can get the sweep. I don't want to fade the sweep. The data high. I don't want to fade the data high and then let's just say I take this trade and then it goes right for the high and like, you know, fakes me out. So yeah, I called it out. Didn't really like it enough, but we did get a very nice cell move off of it. And that is about it. Those are really the three main moves. You have the long off the open. You had the long attempts to the data high and then you had the short towards the end of the window. So that was it as of right now I told my stream I'm like, look, if you're not green set set alert at these lows down here. This is the New York AM low right here. And then set an alert at the data high because this would also be a major sweep of liquidity. So I really wouldn't touch price until it hits one of those things. But that is it for me. I thought it was Monday today, but we're starting Tuesday off right. I really, really like this price action. If we can keep this up. August had really tight ranges, not the best PA. If September I mean look at this range. 250 points plenty of room to make money of September can start to look like this. I'm, I'm all for it. I am all for it.