All right, what is going on guys? tempo trades. We took one trade today. So one winner, zero losers. The morning was pretty uneventful. You could see we kind of just chopped sideways in the morning. There weren't many opportunities. And then after the afternoon, we finally got a nice expansion move to the downside, which is beautiful. We want an expansion move to the downside because we want to get away from all time highs. And then I streamed today in the PM and we didn't really get anything. I ended up taking. I can't even remember. Hold up. Okay, I ended up taking this short right here because we had. We had some sell side liquidity on the hourly and four hour. So this was like an eval trade for me and I was like, Hey, you know, it's a decent trade. It could bring us to our objective and I was like, let's do it. So I took this on eval. We got this weird spike candle right there. I have no idea where that came from. Maybe. Maybe it was this. I don't know. But as soon as I saw that, I just got out at entry. You could see it went to draw down a little bit. It spiked down. And then once it came back here, I just got out. I'm like, okay, I'm not going to, if it's going to spike around and maybe some news is dropping. I don't want to be in that. So I got out of it. Regardless, it would have been a break even trade anyway. Once it hits this swing low. And that's it. I mean, that's it. I took one trade in the morning. Here's the trade in the morning. We pretty much swept the New York AM low at 12 o'clock. And I told people I was like, good attempt here. And then here is my executions. You know, I took about 15 points profit at that swing high. I love this play. I'm like, dude, this looks so good. We have the new, excuse me, I have the hiccups. We got the New York low sweep. We got the V shape reversal. We create the order block. We have insane momentum. I'm like, dude, there's no way this doesn't hit TP to and it just hit TP one. I mean, look at that. So that's the only funded trade I took today, man. Slow and steady wins the race was green yesterday. I'm green today. And we will keep it pushing. Ladies and gentlemen, all right. Have a good one.