What is going on guys tempo trades this is absolutely crazy As I'm recording this video. This could be my biggest call-out of all time in the discord I took two trades today. I was 2 and 0 2 win 0 losses Yeah, we'll go over the trades. This is unreal We did not succeed with the eval method that the NFP candle was not big enough But then the two funded trades were green so more than happy with that I want to go over this main trade. So I'm not gonna go over this other one a lot, but I basically took a short here on the Want to say the 30 second? Yeah, I took a short on the 30 second for about 30 40 points and I basically caught $200 per account now I Locked down most of my fundids off of that trade, but I told my chat I was like look I'm willing to risk the $200 on bull knocks and be a little bit more aggressive with this one Because either way it's it's good for me You know on one end I end green on most of my accounts and break even on bull knocks or on the other end I end green on all my accounts and I end super green on my bull knocks account. So I liked it And this was the trade. I mean this was this was not even like an a setup for me. This was like a b+ What you have here really is prices at the top of the range. So it should want to come back down to the bottom Right, we have a bearish SMT at the top here We also have a bearish SMT on the higher time frame because up here ES was at all-time highs and as you could see And Q was not at all-time highs if we just go to yeah, so all-time highs up there So there was a bearish SMT on the higher time frame and an SMT on the lower time frame And yeah, this was really just a draw-on liquidity play. That's all it was. I took the three minute And this is a three-minute if eG again this wick is Very very very very very very very good When you're trading data highs and data lows the bigger the wick the better the draw-on liquidity is okay? Sometimes we take we get data plays and the bottom wick has no wick or the bottom wick has like a three-point wick and like sure It can still work, but it is way more exciting when you have a wick this big And if you're a premium member I posted the live stream you can go back and I literally said there is no way We don't hit this week today The only way we don't hit this low is if price just trends up off open and we push away from it Like for hundreds of points. That's the only way And I said that and I said that very clearly and what do you know at 10 a.m? We hit this insane move and price goes for that data low. So it's pretty simple This is a three-minute if eG draw liquidity You're just going for this data low and the Asia low below it. These are the two main levels And yeah, I took the trade here stop loss was above the gap My first trim was here. I took off 90% of my position. Why did I take off 90? Well in my experience Data plays every time we sweep the data high or low a lot of the time we reverse a lot of the time So I like to trim very very aggressively at data lows. That's just how I treat them obviously in this situation That was not the right move But it is what it is so I trimmed there for About 60 points and then I held one micro and I held that for this low right here, which was Asia low And I trim my last micro there at Asia low and I was all out of this trade right there and unfortunately Price decided to go Almost 200 points lower Yeah, so it is what it is it is what it is but yeah, I mean Again, if we're if we're playing probabilities and we're playing what is going to happen most of the time and not behind-sight Most of the time when we sweep two major levels like this when we sweep Asia and data lows a Large majority of the time you're gonna see a reversal. So it is what it is. It is what it is. But yeah Anyway, I'll keep you updated if this goes past 300 points This is gonna be my biggest call-out in the discord and there are still members in my discord who are holding this trade I mean, look at this He is still holding this trade with one micro. So They're better at holding trades than me. I guess. But that's it. That is my day two and oh Crazy man. I mean, we've been trading so good recently, dude. We've been trading so good Um, yesterday was a hundred point trade today was a 250 point trade September has been so much better than august And we have more news coming next week ppi cpi consumer sentiment. I'm so excited September could just be a crazy month for us. So if you're not trading with us already, man, you got to join the premium My man, kilo got a $10,000 payout today um trades with us every day in the live stream so If you're not in here, I don't know what you're doing Here you go $10,000 payout $1,200 payout um, $2,000 payout 5 or $10,000 payout like you got to come in here, man. You got to come in here. Let's win together