Alright, what is going on guys? Tempo, Terays, before we get into the video, Bullnocks, 91% off sale. This is the best prop firm to get a beginner. Like if you're a beginner, you need to be on this prop firm. It's hands down the best, the cheapest. And I just got to pay out from them. Let me show you. I just got to pay out from them this weekend. So as of right now, they are legitimate, they are paying. So without a doubt, go cop that Code Tempo. And yeah, so anyway, here was the day man. I do want to talk to you guys because people, I get it, people are frustrated. But let me just go through the whole breakdown. Okay, we are at all time highs right now. Is this going to be a thing forever? No, this is probably just a one month, two month thing out of a 12 month year. You need to look at the bigger picture. You know, we're not going to be at this all time highs forever. It's not how that works. We're going to go for pullbacks and stuff like that. And it just so happens that this is what the market is doing right now. And it's been like this for most of September. And we as traders have to adapt to the market, right? So I took a trade. My first trade was a loss, right? I took a trade and it was a short. Okay. Now let me show you. Basically, the short was if you look on the right hand side of the screen, Asia high is there. We swept it. We're looking for shorts. I took, I don't even remember what I took here. Let me see. Yeah, it was this. I believe I took this. Yeah, I believe I took that. So I took this short right here on ES or on NQ off of really just the Asia high sweep on ES. We're in premium. We have an SMT on the higher time frame. NQ did tap. NQ did tap equal or all time highs three times. We had triple equal highs there. But at the same time, we also had triple equal highs right here. So we had triple equal highs on both sides of the range, right? So this is what I was targeting. So again, although it is a negative that we left these triple equal highs up here, I was like, okay, we had three chances to sweep it. We did it. We tapped it three times. Then ES swept this high and now ES started to dump and I was like, this is great momentum. I'm going to give it a shot. And that's why I took this trade. And again, I only lost like 10 points off that. Yeah, I only lost like 10 points. It was nothing. So that was the attempt. Now again, we are reversal traders, right? If 80, 70, 80% of my trades, maybe even more are reversals. But we need to adapt. We are in a trending market right now. Am I going to sit there when price is showing me that it's not looking to reverse and just get chopped up in reversals? No, I'm going to adapt. I'm a good trader. I know how to win in any condition. So I'm like, okay, we got a major sweep price still didn't want to reverse. What does that tell me? We want to go higher and Q wants to go take out these all time highs, right? I go on the one minute chart. Shout out to mules, by the way, he did call this set up out. Shout out to mules. We got a bullish SMT right here. bullish SMT right here. You could see NQ sweeps the low. ES does not sweep the low. We get a we get a great, great IFEG with great momentum. And we are targeting. We are targeting. We're targeting all time highs. Okay, this was the main thing. I ended up catching more than that, but this is the main thing, right? Now, is this on paper? Is this a better trade than the first one? No, it's not because we're super high up in premium, right? We're high up in the range and we just got a major sweep, but it's still worth an attempt in my opinion because of these triple equal highs up here, right? Even as a scalp, this is a very, very strong draw on liquidity. Okay, so for me, it was worth taking. We caught it right there. I caught about 17 points on the first trim. There was, oh, I don't have a screenshot of my entry. By the way, this is my long term portfolio. Everyone should be making a long term portfolio. It is absolutely crazy. Anyway, that was my first trim and then we fast forward to current price and look at that. Look at that. We're up 60 points. I took off my last runner. I took, I had runners. I took off my last runner right here when ES, when ES swept all-time highs. We are now at all-time highs on both NQ and ES. It is absolutely crazy. It is absolutely crazy. So again, I get it. I understand people like at some point people are just mad. They didn't take the trade and I understand it, but it's not gambling. It's just not as ideal as our model as it could be, but this is the only thing price is going to give us. So it's like you either take this or you just don't take a trade. And last week, I went like four days without taking a trade. So I'm taking this, bro. I'm taking this and I don't know what to tell you. So that was the win 60 points. We are back to green on the day. We need to get away from all-time highs. We desperately, desperately do.