All right, what is going on tempo trades? We got body slammed unfortunately if you're watching this video I took two L's absolutely loved the both of them But we took two L's the 15 day win streak is over. It was good while it lasted But yeah, I mean, I don't know what caused this. I'm checking for X factory. I'm checking financial Jews I don't really see any headlines someone was talking about Nvidia earlier But again, I checked it didn't seem like there was many headlines. So I Can't even tell you the last time we dumped 400 points in the New York Open or morning window, but yeah today was crazy But look at the two trades. I actually really really like these trades the first one textbook Reversal off of the London sweep. We've taken this trade hundreds of times. We've made thousands of dollars off this trade I Mean, it's really really textbook here like we're in discount. So we should be looking for longs We got the major liquidity sweep. We got a good reaction to the liquidity sweep We got a plus V shape momentum through this I FEG. I mean, it's just textbook If you've traded if you've traded I FEGs for more than a month, you know that this is textbook and it failed because Like you'll see this bearish trend was unbelievable And we just caught the knife two times and it is what it is. So that one failed then I waited for about an hour I just kept watching price dump and dump and dump and dump and dump and we finally got another opportunity All the way down here And once again Absolutely loved it. This was off of a four-hour liquidity sweep. We had a four-hour level at 045 So there's the four-hour liquidity sweep again super textbook. Yes was also tapping a four-hour fair value gap So if we just I mean if we just go to the checklist Look at this. We were in discount. We got a major sweep, which is the four hour. We got good reactions We were inside the kill zone. We got good momentum V shape momentum once again There was no SMT we were delivering from a high time frame gap So we have six confluences right there B shape beautiful formed a 30-second bullish order block These are setups. I'm taking all day every day And for whatever reason today the trend was just so strong And yeah, just within a couple candles we stopped out. So that's it That's it. If you're seeing this I was going to trade PM But if you're seeing this that means I didn't take any PM trades We're taking our L and again, I tell this all the time to my students like You're gonna win. You're gonna lose. I won 15 days in a row. Does it suck to lose? Yes It sucks to lose but I'm not gonna spiral out of control and be emotional and lose all my progress the last 15 days Because I can't handle a loss. I just explained those two L's. They were great setups I take those if they happen tomorrow Um, and we just got to move on and that's it days like today I mean days like today are so rare man So rare people in the chat. We're saying today like hey Should we add a continuation model to our strategy? It's like no No, man if if i'm having a 70 80 win rate and i'm getting payouts every single month Days like today happen once or twice a month Show me the last time we dumped 400 points in the morning window. I'm telling you it's once or twice a month So you just got to take today as an anomaly manage your risk try not to you know, obviously you're going to be read but try to get out of the market As little red as possible and just move on to tomorrow and Yeah, today was an anomaly my goodness. All right, so I want to I want to add this to the trade recap This is the most tilted slash emotional. I've been in in six months. I just want to show you this Um, so you could read pause read this message. It's in the discord, but Yeah, um It sucks. I mean this one really hurts like really like guys. I don't get emotional anymore I've made six figures this year trading prop firms This really stings In the last video Or I guess in this video I showed you that we lost on this 30 second ifg again. This is a fantastic setup great momentum everything and it failed and price basically wanted to do one more bounce or I guess sweep and then it is now reversed almost 300 points and this is exactly Where what we wanted the entire morning So i'm human man. Um And it this it's things. I mean this this really stings um And again, like I said in this post a year ago. I would have I would have blanked out and I would have just started spamming shit with high Like over leverage and not cared and probably blown everything and I'm going to sit here and I'm going to breathe Uh, and I'm just going to remember that it's okay, and I've won 15 days in a row before this and I'm going to do it again in the future, but trading's cruel trading's cruel because the craziest part about this is there was no really good setup for this reversal besides There was a four point gap on the 32nd with sub part like okay momentum So for that to be the trade that works and starts the reversal And not the other ones that I took that were way better on paper It hurts. I can't lie. I'm not going to sit here like I'm perfect and I'm a robot that that it hurts It hurts and and if you're an og member, I'm usually never emotional Uh, but I'm frustrated for sure. So Just want I just want you guys to see the real the real side and the reality of trading Uh, no matter how much money you make I've made You know 50k in a month 40k in a month whatever I've made I've had crazy withdrawals. It never gets easier I mean stuff like that still happens. So Yeah, that's things That's things I wanted this move the entire morning But on to the next one